 Amanda can ' t find Betty ' s number . She texted Larry last time they were at
 Eric and Rob are laughing at a joke Rob is making about a machine .
 Bob will help Lenny choose the best pair of trousers .
 Emma is not hungry for dinner tonight . She will tell Will when she gets home .
 Ollie is in Warsaw . Jane is in Warsaw . Ollie and Jane are
 Hilary is going to take a nap . Benjamin will pass by at 2 pm to take
 Payton likes browsing and looking in the mirror . She usually buys clothes from 2 or 3 of
 Rita is tired at work . Tina is not at all interested in her work .
 Leo doesn ' t like the scarf Beatrice bought for him .
 Eric is coming to his brother ' s wedding . Eric has a lot to do at home
 Wanda wants to make a list and go to a party . Gina will take her father
 Martin won two cinema tickets . He will write a short review of the new film with Red
 Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese .
 Tom rented a car .
 Luke will send Paul the login and password on Sunday . Paul will send Luke the bank account
 Greg needs to stay after hours to pick up Johnny . Betsy can ' t come because she
 Ethan and Marshall are making fun of Ethan .
 Igor has a lot to do at work . He ' s been demotivated . John
 Clara is watching " Dear White People " on Netflix . Neela is watching " Dear White
 Mike took his car into the garage today . Someone crashed into a red honda looking like
 Beth wants to go to her mother ' s 40th birthday party . She ' s thinking
 Emma will read the texts from the exam .
 Karen and Adam worry about May . May ' s been talking to her and she ' s
 Anne saw Mark ' s passport today .
 Heather , Darlene , Walker and Darlene are going to Wharton ' s
 Ollie and Mickey are talking about the scary sculptures in Finnland .
 Selah can ' t see the phone number of the person who sent the photo .
 Bella and Eric are shocked by boss ' s reaction to the dismissing of a client .
 Emma is at the rare of the bus . She will sleep well .
 Jesse wants to cheer up the less fortunate this year . He ' ll get them presents .
 Carter will lend Mary a box in an hour .
 Paula ' s name is Natal lily .
 May and Jack will have a drink later today .
 Margaret has a terrible headache . Jack suggests she should rest .
 Serge will let Andrei know if he ' s going to pick up the film equipment for
 Janice ' s son wants her to buy him a hamster for his birthday . Mart
 Daniel , Mary and Lucas are playing DA II . Daniel is not sure . Mary is scept
 Judy is attracted to jerks .
 Chloe is on tv .
 Ala and Tina are going to a meeting .
 Sebastian and Kevin have been living in a new place for a year . Sebastian has learned a
 Son will come home this weekend .
 Ola is in Cuba . Momo is recovering from her injury . Ola will try
 Ann doesn ' t have John ' s number .
 Joseph sends Ella a photo of a couple of cows .
 Josh ' s taken Stephen ' s notebook . Jack will bring it tomorrow .
 Adele got a new dog , a 4 - month - old biscuit lab . The
 Tabora is playing games with her friends .
 Cathy will come to Broke ' s place at 10 tonight .
 Petra is sleepy . She ' s tired .
 Nick wants to meet up for a drink . Jane is not interested in meeting up .
 Adam ' s friend saw Tim with a guy . Tim told Julia and Nate that Tim is
 Lilly will be late . Gabriel will order something for her .
 Celine will come to Cara in the evening .
 Craig ' s computer is not working . Derek will help him in 20 minutes .
 Abigail ' s smog alert app shows that the norms have been exceeded by 30
 Cindy will tell Paul what color flowers he should get .
 Jenny left her credit card at Mary ' s shop . She will pick it up whenever she
 Lara will come to Tom ' s birthday party around 5 pm . She will pick up the
 Paul is almost there . Laura is waiting for him .
 Salma and Hugh are laughing at the latest cat meme .
 The results should be announced soon . Peter didn ' t get into Stanford . Oliver and Matt
 Jake and Nadia don ' t have English today . Smith called in sick .
 Brandon lost his credit card . Ian will lend him $ 100 .
 Inez , Alicja , Gosia and Patrycja are planning to go to
 Ana and Catherine will visit grandma tomorrow .
 Edson is buying a ticket now .
 Steven will meet Jane at 4 : 30 instead of 5 .
 Suzanne is at work . She ' s taking a break . Morgan wants to go to a
 Julia has read Die again . Liam is going to organize a meeting with Tess .
 Ali ' s found his wallet at Mohammad ' s place yesterday . He will bring it to
 Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tomorrow .
 Anna invites everybody to her birthday on 6th of November at 1930 .
 Mia and Elliot are going out after work tonight . Mia will pick Elliot up .
 Jayden doesn ' t want to have kids . Brennan wants to find a man that can
 USA won last night . Croatia is playing tomorrow at 2 : 00 .
 Ela will call John in 10 minutes .
 Mary ' s sister is trying to get to the people she works for . Mark ' s
 Fiona is preparing a tart for Chris ' dinner . Tina will help her .
 Clare is not in town . Annette is sick . Oli is going to Jesus bar
 Ryan and Sebastian are upset about the Ukraine situation .
 Finn and Zadie are going to the Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow . They will
 Jacob forgot to listen to the song Harry sent him 3 days ago . He will talk to
 Max locked the door from outside . Max is out . Max has to pee . Max will
 Harry ' s mom wants to get a sofa and pillows .
 Josh wants to buy an iPad . Brian recommends Samsung , Xiaomi , Sony and Samsung .
 Nathalie and Zoe are going to Soho for New Year ' s Eve .
 Andy is watching Arrow B ) tomorrow . He will study for the quiz .
 Kim will cook ramal fish at Polna street .
 Ben will meet Tom at 2 pm in the Oval Room .
 Ashleigh got a job at the cinema .
 Reed ' s Saturday was boring . Danna called 5 - 8 of her friends . She
 Alivia has been busy with her thesis . She has problems with finding research materials .
 John will buy white bread and some apples at Asda .
 Jordan is going to a funeral tonight . Jordan will call Elliot at 8 pm . Jordan '
 Flo can ' t get into the salon until the 6th . Gina suggests she should buy
 Rob is at the grocery store and wants to buy some food for supper and lunch tomorrow .
 Melany doesn ' t remember when she got laid .
 Eric and Samantha ' s favorite professor is talking about the recent scandal on the news .
 David was right about most things yesterday . Jacky will call him when he gets home .
 Rick is in Cuba . They are going to skype tomorrow at 3 pm .
 Ying ' s 10 years challenge everyone .
 Missy will get out of work at 6 . She will have drinks after dinner .
 Pete cleaned the hamster cage after school .
 Maya will buy Randolph 4 or 5 earplugs .
 David will order an ipad for his dad for Christmas .
 Betty shared her work with Isabella .
 Amy is working now .
 Alex will join Huda in 2 hours .
 Janet is ashamed of her vote for Trump .
 Rashi is confused about his career . He was discussing with his friends the options for his
 Corbin wants to report school violence in his school . The student who was hit by the
 Joel doesn ' t know a good technician that fixes PC ' s . Pablo is on vacation
 Ann ' s dad is turning 50 . Fiona suggests Ann to organize a surprise birthday party .
 Fatima and Lincoln are going to visit Jenson ' s place . Jenson ' s
 Lisa wants Bob to clean the house .
 luke and martial will meet at Carrington ' s office to play tomorrow .
 Emily sends Julie a lot of kisses .
 Frederick and Ricky ' s neighbors are noisy .
 Brenda and Sandra used to work together in the clothes factory . Brenda moved to Stoke in the
 Joan can ' t go to see " A Star is Born " on Wednesday . Joan will
 George wants to meet Donna to discuss AIDS . Donna doesn ' t want to meet George at
 Louis ' mom is calling him .
 Crystal ' s little boy is getting bigger and doesn ' t fit his clothes anymore . Ire
 Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat .
 Matt has bought his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo . He will meet with
 Chris pushed some girls into the pool .
 Lia is too tired to go to the village party . Mico will go . Jeff will
 Paul will couch the game Saturday .
 Luke ' s train arrives at 3 pm . Fred will pick Luke up at 3 : 15
 Jack is going to the casting . He will come with Ryan .
 Joanne is going to France for Christmas . Her parents have separated a few months ago .
 Raul had a bad night yesterday evening . He had weird dreams .
 Angie has a stomach pain . She ' s going to see a doctor in an hour
 Kelvin will talk to other class members about their CAT 2 .
 Linda and Karen are going to have lunch at a fancy place . They will take takeout
 Marty sprained his ankle today . He will see a doctor tomorrow . Christine will take him
 Peyton wants to get the video game for Cameron . Cameron will have to stay out of town
 Alicja ' s job interview is tomorrow .
 Paul has just come back home . He will schedule a new appointment after midnight . Emma will
 Sean overslept again .
 Chris and his brother will bring swimming trunks to the jacuzzi in their garden
 Cindy will call Ela to tell her about the fight .
 Mike didn ' t take the dog for a walk . Adam will take him with him .
 Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday . He ' ll be back in the
 Gaia is doing well at the university . She has 6 exams this term .
 Ms . Blair and Mr . Williams will meet for a coffee at 2 pm at the side
 Jeff ' s skin condition is fine . He ' s not medicated all the time .
 Kristina is watching " America ' s top model " on tv . Jannette is
 Daniel is flying to Bologna today . He will stay there 2 hours . Simone will
 Mike will call Dale in 2 hours .
 Timmy has a bad day at work . He ' s angry at his boss . Gem
 Pat has a delay in his appointment with Bart . Pat will come in the evening around 9
 Ashley is at the camp . She ' s going to meet Erin at the pool or restaurant
 Tommy is preparing a power point for the conference . He will pay $ 10 a month for
 Jeanice and Maxwell have been working together for 8 hours . Jeanice and Marcus argued at
 Mike , Tom and Ben are going for a beer .
 Leah met the creepiest guy at the poetry reading last night . He was boring and didn
 Nicky has left Dave ' s place .
 Ken wants his money back .
 Alexander will send Tom a message when he will be in a taxi .
 There are 5 bouncy castles in the hall and a HUGE bouncy dragon in the hall
 Ian left his green folder on the dining room table . Sophie will ask Alex if she knows
 Simon will talk to Adrian at 5 .
 Jen is angry at her ex - boyfriend . She ' s afraid of asking him to leave
 Poppy is not preparing anything for dinner tonight . She will grab something on her way home
 Gab and Kat will meet up for a drink .
 Agatha ' s presentation is ready . She used recent research .
 Imagine Dragons are coming to Sydney on July 12th . Sally has already bought tickets for the
 Bez ' s car has a display error . Bez is in a hotel lobby now
 Keith is busy studying for his birthday next Saturday . Laura will cook lasagne for Keith .
 Pegah will be back at 22 : 00 . She will work from 15 till about 21
 Robert will help Pam with Tom ' s birthday .
 Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year . Jody does some charity work every
 Max has a new music project . Jim will listen to it when he gets home .
 Shannon has not heard the new 30 seconds to Mars album . Kane recommends her to check it
 Andy will come to Paul ' s house in about 1 hour to drink coffee .
 Caroline is pulling on her testicles again .
 Josh sent Ron an email .
 Phoebe ' s mother is angry because she broke her perfume .
 Eve and Rob are meeting up on Sunday at 3 pm .
 Betty and Sandra are talking about men that take care of animals . Betty will come to Sandra
 Anna and Peter are playing a game . Peter has 12 shirts , 10 pairs of trousers and
 Dan ' s injection with anaesthesis is not working any more .
 Archie will be arriving from Southampton around midnight . He will call Judah on the phone if he
 Chloe hasn ' t watched the series Biwott told her yet . Chloe will watch it
 Lauren wants to get a tattoo . Nelly would like to get a bird . Tessie
 Wendy ' s toilet is not draining well . She ' s not flushed tampons or pads
 Rowen and Kaylen drive on the left in their country .
 Tom wants to go to Robinson Crusoe ' s island .
 Emely has to fill in the gaps in a task . She will send a photo
 Marco got Aldo ' s email . He will print it and read it .
 Harris ' s friend Aoki died yesterday . Harris is not sure what happened .
 Hannah has made a list of New Year ' s resolutions . She ' s going to lose
 Trevor is looking for advice on how to break up with Abigail . He ' s
 Julia and Gail are addicted to their social media . Gail is a spy on Jessica
 Miranda called Tom yesterday . Miranda knows Anne and Catherine are dating .
 Barbara and Eva are coming to Ella ' s place .
 Sarah will arrive in New York this coming Thursday . Joshua will wait for her gift .
 Allison has got a scholarship .
 Sam is not finishing work until 5 . He will come over at 9 .
 Betty is looking for a movie to watch . Phil will choose the thriller . Betty will book
 Robert cancels the phone number of his contacts with Serge and Elena . Robert is looking for
 Lily spent a night with a Romanian man . He is from an extremely rich family . Lily
 Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife . Sarah fashion suggests that he should choose
 Mckinley is not big on social media use . He ' s not a phone
 Mike is going to the gym and then home . Jason will bring his food and play Destiny
 Linda is on a vacation . She ' s moving to Ohio . She ' s moving to
 Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis . He ' s thinking about working as a flight
 Alan found a whiskey with no sugar , no cinnamon flavoring and no flavoring .
 Mary and Yaz are going to slimming club tonight .
 Aaliyah and Camille are at the university . Ellie is not at the university .
 Nathan ' s cat looks like it ' s taking a dump . Aaron ' s cat is
 William has been waiting for Emma for 20 minutes . He ' s coming back in 5 minutes
 Jake has booked 3 tickets for 7 pm tomorrow . Melanie has a workplace discount .
 Freddie is watching Mad Men , Kelly ' s just finished The Crown . Freddie recommends Outlander
 Toni and Sonia are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so . T
 Malik wants to try the paleo diet . Samantha has heard of the keto diet .
 Derek closed some deals but he had a lot of stress . Phil couldn ' t close any
 Dominic and Nova are laughing at the fact that people are photoshoping Timothée Chal
 Peter has been busy with work . He ' s been working out . He ' s been
 Julia broke Tom ' s cup . She will buy him a new one .
 Don ' s going to the hockey game today . Hank has to fill out all the fields
 Jessica went to the second hand shop downtown and bought a table , six chairs , a v
 Abigail and Damien are going to church on Sunday .
 Lucian and Desiree are at home .
 Doug is upset with Jeni ' s shoes .
 Tessa ' s boyfriend is taken by his co - worker Jim Andrews . Chloe ' s
 Emily and Marta will meet at Pub X at 5 . 30 .
 Jane is allergic to peanuts . Anne and Jane ordered a cheesecake and Jane got hurt .
 Railey will buy Tiffany a burger on his way home .
 Ariana is going shopping in Midtown .
 Jane is going to Value Village with her sister . Connor got his halloween costumes today
 Mary stayed at home today .
 Tom and Elena are few meters from Jeffrey and Elena .
 Sophia apologizes to Mason for not giving her a kiss . Mason will send her a photo
 Steffen is more handicapped than usual . Irene will give him a lift to the
 Jake , Florence , Margot and others are going for the research trip . Florence and Marg
 Christine has got the flu . She ' s not going to school tomorrow . Annie will drop
 Jill called Bob ' s girlfriend and sent him pictures . Bob is angry at her .
 Peter starts his new job on the 6th . Aggie will get a babysitter .
 Aimee tried to contact Maryam ' s father .
 George , Robert , Yousuf and Paul are going to play basketball on Friday at 7
 Mitch is tired . Rory will chip in for gas . Mitch will go to Croatia on Sunday
 Jones and Angelina will meet today in the afternoon in town .
 Fergie ' s national anthem is funny . Derek saw it last week .
 Pam will ring Lauren in the morning to ask if she has any rota left for tomorrow
 Harriette went ghost hunting once with her friends . She didn ' t find any ghosts
 Jack can ' t get the application running . Kev will be with him now .
 Dan will explain everything to Angela if she agrees to meet up .
 Shaldona and Piper are getting married . Shaldona sent them the invitation card .
 Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour .
 Ania , Kasia and Jan will go to the church tomorrow . Zuzia thinks
 Ema is coming in 2 minutes . The movie has already started .
 Vladimir and Donald are happy about the agreement .
 Joe is tired of his job . Tim and Sam think he should quit .
 Judy is going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend . Denise and her friends
 Jamie , Marlo and Alex are going to do presentations in groups . Alex will do the
 John is in the park . Theresa is waiting for him .
 Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today . Louis ' friend told him
 Kelly and Denise advise Debbie to buy a red dress for herself .
 Emilia is still angry .
 Mia doesn ' t have a credit card . Tom will send her the flight , company and
 Hugh has a toothache and needs a dentist . Andy recommends ProDent in the centre
 Ella ' s mom won a hundred dollars in the lottery .
 Oli ' s car has been involved in a car accident . There are no deaths .
 Bob and Rob are watching the game . They will meet up at some bar this weekend .
 Debra and Julie are going to meet up over the weekend .
 Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg .
 David babysit Ethan ' s sister . He had to do a lot of work .
 Conrad forgot his keys . Tiffany will be home at 10 - 11 . Conrad will wait in
 Clara and Ron noticed a weird smell at Kasia ' s place last night .
 Holly is sick and she ' s not coming tonight .
 Ludmila ' s favorite dinosaur growing up was triceratops . Jacopo
 Josh will pick up some chicks for the pub tonight . Logan would like to meet some girls
 Indiana left his phone at Liam ' s place .
 Claire is going to order a dress for the bride .
 Victor has taken over Chris ' s company . Chris was under huge debt . Victor sold off
 Patricia sent Elle a file with a fair - trade brand .
 Ethan didn ' t attend the part last night . He ' s in Los Angeles . He
 Stan ' s going to take her to Pat & Gill ' s today .
 Dylan and Brandon haven ' t talked to Miro . Miro told Abby the story of
 Julie is scared and she ' s watching a Japanese horror movie . Paula will come over to
 Lucy ' s daughter is 15 . She has to prepare for her daughter ' s turning 15
 Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going out on Saturday . Tom is out . Tom
 Casey did her nails herself . She got a new nail polish .
 Sharol forgot to do the sociology assignment . Kate reminds him about it .
 Jamie had a high fever and a terible cough at school today . Helen has a per
 Louise ' s mum is with autn Grace .
 Caroline ' s first boyfriend is not like her . Caroline ' s first girlfriend is jel
 Vincent broke his lamp . He ordered a new one on Tuesday .
 Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop on Black Friday . Olaf suggests Nestor
 Phil and Vic prefer Facebook to Twitter . Vic prefers Instagram .
 Amanda is not convinced about the man with dreads .
 Sue will transfer the money in to James ' car after work tomorrow .
 Jess is in a traffic jam in West Bronx .
 Dima ' s laptop broke . Nada will lend Dima her old laptop .
 Kelly met more people from school . They went to the pub at 2 am . Kelly was
 Adele is off on Friday . Anne will invite Louise and bring her eggs .
 Peggy ' s computer is broken . She ' s going to get a new one .
 Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes . Janet ' s boss is a pain in the ass
 Mark , Anna , George and Julia are going to a package tour . They will choose a
 Stanley is upset because his girlfriend accused him of having an affair . He ' s going to
 Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her umbrella . Laura suggests calling the cafe to ask if she
 Jake applied for an accounting position at Pandora . Jake was promoted twice during the 5 years he
 Fiona will go to a doctor ' s appointment tomorrow at 8 a . m .
 Dan wants to wash his hands . Andrea will write to the owner and ask her address .
 Claire and Kim are going to make Curry dream team .
 Matt ' s parents take Carlos for subway . Matt feels like they don ' t feed him
 Ann will pick up her son Tim at the railway station next morning .
 Sharon ' s mother is angry at her . Sharon ' s 19 and still lives with her
 Rob is looking at memes and he finds them stupid .
 Mike will get the hand sanitizer by the restrooms .
 Cheryl had an argument with her mom . She didn ' t close the window when she was
 David is landing at Sevilla at 17 : 30 . David will pick Victor up from the
 Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop . Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse
 Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema .
 Gary is driving for Uber . He ' s met loads of cool people .
 Leah sends Kristi a 20 % discount coupon for all the items on the online shop .
 Steve will call Sue when he gets the important message .
 There was a bear attack on the zoo . Megan is not surprised .
 Mick has not received the confirmation from AES yet . Mick will call them .
 Allison sent Alan the file with budget estimation for current year . Alan made a mistake and the
 Liam will meet with Nate in 15 minutes .
 Carl will attend this year ' s championship . Carl will use a 6 speed hydrolic shift
 Terry will take Dinny ' s dog before he comes .
 Anastasia sends Darrell her school photos . Darrell finds it funny .
 Kim is going to Seoul in April . She will bring kimchi to Mark and Ag
 Aubrianna ' s friend ' s dad died of malaria in kongo .
 Josh lost his sneakers in the swimming pool last Tuesday . He will check the swimming pool .
 Aria is not going to Warsaw for Valentine ' s Day . Bella will probably go to
 Sawyer , Wheeler and Yardley are playing a game tomorrow at 6 pm .
 Daina needs to put her make up on in about an hour .
 Viola is feeling a little light before the wedding . Carmen will come on Friday night to
 Madeline and Jada had a little argument today . Alex was away or oblivious . They
 Betty is busy .
 William will cook spaghetti alla vongole for dinner . He will make garlic golden ,
 Maria , Alexander , Sarah and Martha are going to the IMF lecture tomorrow . They will meet
 Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow . Hannah doesn ' t
 Tabby has 2 exams next week . Laura passed all exams . Tabby will come to
 Becky ' s cat Coco is sitting on her lap purring .
 Kyra ' s flat number is 187 . Sosie will be there in 5 minutes
 Ronnie ' s waste management system works well . Ronnie ' s city banned plastic bags .
 Tina ' s phone is dying . She will call Adam tomorrow .
 Natalie told Sally and Greg that she ' s pregnant .
 Nick will bring Steve chicken for lunch .
 Gemma wants to invite Timmy to Lona and Michelle ' s wedding .
 Millie won ' t come today .
 Lisa will be back before 11 pm .
 Tina is almost there . She will be dressed in time .
 Sophie will collect the quince from Noah ' s terrace . Sophie will talk to Frank
 Sarah will buy a white table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm , two medium size wardrobe organisers
 Cindy is sad because something funny happened .
 Jannet and Nadia woke up and are doing breakfast . They will eat something too
 Jeff will drive Mark ' s car .
 Sue and Julie did great . Ann and Julie will celebrate their success tonight .
 Kathy is going to get her hair cut a bit shorter today . Olivia is chillin today
 Mr . Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client . He needs to meet
 Den ' s mother cried over the news this morning . Den will invite her for tea on
 Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles . Mum has sent him the listing .
 Chandler wants Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery man standing outside her door
 Max ' s sister is studying in China . She speaks Chinese .
 Russ has received the report from David . Russ will take a look at it and send David
 Catherine and Ben are going to visit uncle Steve . Ben doesn ' t want to come because
 Clay is in the class room in Library .
 Sean will have to take the car to the carwash tomorrow .
 Bert will be home at 8 . Julia and Julia will wait for him with the dinner .
 Steve ' s dishwasher has turned up . The dishwasher is nice and quiet .
 Michelle is still researching . She ' s going to wait for Harvey to send her an update
 Joy is coming back on Thursday .
 Julia and Henry are looking for a table at the cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden .
 Olivia has some tasks to do . She should do her accounts . She also needs to do
 Emily broke Linda ' s green tea cup .
 Tom and Camilla are going to Dublin this weekend . The weather forecast is good . Tom
 Stella wants to visit Sandra . She wants to take her to the cinema .
 Harley ' s ex - wife is taking her husband to the cleaners .
 Ken is stressed , because he has too much going on at mom ' s . Ang is
 Julius and Titus are going to watch Manchester United play against Manchester United today .
 Dexter misses Addisyn .
 Jason was absent today because he had a dental appointment .
 Don has a meeting with management board today at 2 pm in the conference room . Cindy has
 Samuel is in Laos . He ordered a mushroom pizza . The owner bribed the police .
 Mike is thinking about going to Egypt for Holiday .
 Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth ' s new song " Galway Girl "
 Sharon needs to go to the salon on Sunday . Jaz will pop in and help her
 Pete will be home in 20 minutes .
 Kas will let Laura know if he can tidy up his dreads this weekend .
 Jill has done 40 hours of work .
 Amelia ' s professor in philosophy had an art exhibition tomorrow . Mia wants to go with James
 Rita doesn ' t know if the readings for the next session of Stephen ' s seminar are
 Ost bought a garage in the city center . Ost wants to do the restitution of his money
 Hania has been on the road for 3 hours . She will be there around 7 pm
 Gavin is irritating Kaylee .
 Lara is coming today .
 Mazie and her girls are having a drink tonight . Lee is not happy about it .
 Erin baked a cake . Zachary will bring her a piece later .
 Joseph had three job interviews in two days . The first two were ok . The second one
 Sue will send Graham dates for weekends in Romford .
 John ' s cousin met his wife in an open world game . They played together for a
 Rael hates his job . He ' s not sure what to do with his career .
 Susan ' s date was perfect . He picked her up from home . They went to roll
 Pete will come over tonight to watch Deadpool 2 with Joe .
 Euodia ' s friends were talking about tiktok . Euod
 Hugh ' s son is doing fine .
 Nathalie and Anthony are going to Greece for the holiday . They need to be back
 Lori is in Copley . Lori will meet Maria in 10 minutes . Maria is tired
 Marta is shocked to hear that Jay is a pathological liar .
 Telly and Ally are unsure about going to Luke ' s New Year ' s party .
 Karen passed . Patty has a new designated driver .
 Gill needs a new peeling . Bunny suggests that he should make his own coffee .
 Ryan is visiting family in Manchester . Chris stayed home with Ann .
 Bruce ' s campaign has reached 5000 dollars . Bruce has reached 6132 bucks .
 Liam will pick Kane up at 8 .
 Kate and Chris have had a fight . Chris watched a programme about refugees and went on a
 Celine and Mark went skating on skates . Mark knows how to skate .
 Sarah will go to the desert with her family this year . Lia will see if her family
 Gene sent Jack a package on Friday . Jack should have received it by now .
 Miranda has to cancel tomorrow ' s meeting with Stephanie because she has to work 20 hours a
 Blake will wait for Clara and Jenny on the platform at fabro - ficule .
 Raymond wants to eat pizza and pizza . Charlotte will come over in 10 minutes to have both
 Zack watched a couple of episodes of the new Jersey Shore season . The cast is the original
 Will is standing in a long line at the post office .
 Ella went to Cork club last weekend . She was disappointed because the club had an empty
 Molly , Peter and Kai are going to Sweden for a week in January .
 Frank doesn ' t have any plans for the weekend . He ' s going to see horse
 Mair will bring Xand to Multisports this week .
 Ethan is sore after yesterday ' s meeting . He ' s going to the gym tonight at
 Frann will go to a hip - hop workshop with Diana .
 Pam lost her phone . She went shopping and left it on the counter . Dot suggests that
 A student was beaten and mugged on campus . The student is in hospital .
 Nathan and Deborah are packing for tomorrow . They will take their children to the forest . Deborah
 Alexander and Igor are going to the circus tomorrow .
 Judie ' s boyfriend has had a tattoo done in Warsaw .
 Sam owns a hotel . He ' ll be at the hotel on the 15th of August
 Marsha and John are going to Madagascar for a week . They will stay at a hotel
 Cyprien was born in Jarrow , live in London now and was educated in L
 Joanna needs to clean up the stains from her dress . Ethel suggests Joanna to
 Charlie will have a pizza with Anna and Charlie tonight .
 Kris is sick . Ovi is going to work . Jason has been running around the city
 Leticia lost her wallet . She will lend it back to Lora and Miranda .
 Paula will send Andrew the deadline for the application on Friday at noon .
 Ben and Steven will have pizza tonight at Marco ' s .
 Terence took Daniel ' s money . He ' s sorry he took it .
 Lucy will have to throw the garbage out now .
 Vinny wants to borrow Willy ' s car . They will go car pool together a
 Lindsey has just finished her class . She asked another girl to put her name on the attendance
 Jason and Dory are going to create a movie this weekend . They have to create an
 Jared likes Kelly a lot . Michelle and Jared used to go out . Jared doesn ' t
 Reeve , Winslow and Slow are going to the seaside for winter break .
 Alex and Zayna are going to have a drink tonight at 8 pm at Zay
 Grace is not sure if she ' s going to apply for grad school .
 Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake .
 Dixie will ask Jair to give her Jason ' s phone number .
 Amanda liked Parks and Recreation . She ' s not a big fan of the character who plays
 Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry . Harry has a broken car and
 Randal bought pink nail polish . The shop assistant is looking at him weird .
 Mike and Pat are going to play basketball together .
 Nate ' s overbooked . The registration system is bad .
 Enrique ' s collection was loved by the class . Farrah ' s collection is a collection
 Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics . They are doing fine . The temperature is
 Susannah , Linda and Trinny are meeting at 6 pm at the main entrance .
 Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow . They ' re fed up with the noise
 Breann and Dianne are giving Breann and Dianne a 10 % discount on their pet shops
 Hugh will make the base and prepare everything before he arrives .
 Chloe and James are wondering where the next ASEEES conference takes place . Chloe ' s
 Finn ' s package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to Jim tomorrow .
 Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious .
 Tommy will borrow an Android cable from his wife . Tommy will call her at work at 8
 Judy will feed Derek ' s animals on Friday and Saturday . Derek will give her his keys
 Oona is going to see Aquaman on Thursday after 7 PM . Kelsey will go
 Rob wants to start a Get off the couch challenge . Greg and Will are going to do
 Cynthia and Bennett are going to a new bistro in town .
 Lorenzo has just arrived in Arezzo . He will take the keys to the room .
 Walker will come to Booker ' s place to play Xbox .
 Laura ' s mother passed away this morning . She fought hard . Kristian and Anne want
 Keith and Adam miss the cafes by the river .
 Ana and Carlos are going to see a film by Lola Arias . They ' re
 John is looking for a picture of Henry ' s poop . Henry has never really constip
 Patricia and Mary are flying to Japan in a week . Patricia is scared of the long flight
 Linda will throw all perennials from her garden into the compost heap .
 Drade ' s brother got out of the group chatting room . He ' s angry .
 Kate broke her arm and they ' re sending her to the hospital .
 Charlie ' s sister passed her last exam on her Uni . Frank and Charlie will go out
 Clara will come over to Bella ' s place at 7 : 30 to have a drink .
 Jose and Amanda wish each other merry Christmas and a happy new year .
 Rob will come home tomorrow and they will have dinner together .
 Denise and Dominique are going to take the test tomorrow .
 Steph and Sharon are going to buy copper lamps .
 Anna can ' t talk now . She will call Peter in 20 minutes .
 Jesse broke his razor .
 Matt is angry at Patrick . Mary gives Matt Patrick ' s phone number .
 Sam ' s in hospital . Chiara ' s father told them he was in hospital .
 Thomas will buy butter for his mushroom soup .
 Debbie will bring Helen her laptop to work .
 Jessica got a dying plant for her birthday . Boston has looked it up .
 John lost his job in Germany . He got an offer from an IT company in London .
 Vicky is going to meet up with Audrey , Ludovica , Greg and Michelle at
 Kaylin ' s looking for Cynthia . Amir doesn ' t feel like tomorrow .
 Lois ' s sister is grounded for a month .
 Natacha will pick up Charles at the RER at 5 : 30 pm .
 Simon is at Helen ' s place . Helen wants Simon to fetch her some tissues .
 There was a blizzard in the mountains . Tom was a student and he was hiking in
 Lucy wants to go to a gig with her friends . Maggie wants to go with her friends
 Jake will start thinking about Christmas gifts when he gets home .
 Jake thinks minimalism is about shifting the paradigm from buying cheap to buying expensive . Martha thinks
 Albert has just passed the driving exam on his 4th attempt .
 Ravi ' s mother has been suffering from knee pain for the last 5 years . She
 Lynn is not willing to have sex with a wrinkled man .
 Alice has a flu . She ' s home for 10 days . She ' s not feeling
 Sandra left her Millas present at Marco ' s place yesterday .
 Mum will wrap something for Steve .
 Zariah has a back pain .
 Hannah has plans for tomorrow evening . James will pick her up at 8 .
 Rachel and Caron will go to Red Lion at 8 .
 Victor is busy this Saturday .
 Wendy came from Houston and looks like an angel . Dave will hit on Wendy soon .
 George will call Patricia in an hour or so to talk .
 Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today . He ' s waiting in Luxembourg now .
 Lena ' s new professor didn ' t listen to her homework . Lena ' s excer
 Elvina got an invite to the local theatre . She ' s not sure what to
 Callum is busy .
 Jacob is going to reach the parking lot .
 Molly ' s going to kill Chuck because he made up a story about her meeting up with
 Rita and Sally are excited about Borns ' new album .
 Gloria is too poor to afford her therapy . She made sushi and tiger prawn korm
 Haley found a photo of Bella when she was 2 weeks old .
 Jeff has listened to radio podcasts about the American economy . He ' s worried about the economic
 Alexa wants to confess to Hunter that she asked Ethan to Insult her .
 Ann has extra math classes . Ann will be home at 7 .
 Lorenna can ' t come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever .
 Adam has a juicy gossip about Iga ' s weekend getaway with her boyfriend .
 Tim is in Telugu . He ' s 35 and he ' s working for less than
 Jen wants to get pear yogurt . Pete will have a look around .
 Eve , Charlie and Nicole are meeting at the entrance .
 Sophie doesn ' t know what a fox is . Jenkin is a dolphin . Sophie will
 Scarlett forgot to send her RGS application . Daisy will send it to Scarlett right now .
 Katie and Christie had fun at the party .
 Sam and Carla are going to Meanwood cafe tomorrow .
 Lily wants to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party . Daniel will check if
 Sara is on a meeting with Lilly and Stephen . Louis is wondering what to buy Lilly and
 Chris tried jogging today . Matt is not happy with his performance . Matt is taking pills
 Dan and Eric watched Daredevil season 2 . They think the second one was better .
 Hilary will buy some shoes for Geri . They will go to the mall tomorrow after
 Jacob and Alex are surprised that top management is coming to France next week .
 Joana will bring some games to Sandy .
 Jeremy and Joan are going to the concert on Saturday . They will start with a drink .
 Matt and John will have practice today .
 George is coming to Blake .
 Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago . Rob has it ready for the first
 Martin bought two milks yesterday . Alex is hungry for milk .
 Jeremih ' s sister is mad at him . Hansel will tell her next time
 Joy sends Peter the link of her beauty shop .
 Josh and his friends spent New Year ' s Eve at his place . They had wine and
 Andy is working late until 4 .
 Shari and Stewart are going to vote for a Democrat .
 Lydia added him on Facebook . He accepted her invitation . Lydia is trying to ignore him .
 Daria got a new job for a law firm .
 Boris wants to take off on seniority . Sarah wants to take off on Monday . Boris
 Blair and Chuck are meeting the wedding planner at Nonna Rita ' s . They will order
 Ruth has never received the email Alan sent her . Alan will send it to her now .
 Payne will meet Oscar for a coffee in half an hour .
 Frank and Hope love each other .
 Gina sent Luke a picture of the parrot she painted yesterday .
 Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping after work .
 Donald Trump said something about a congress woman . Henrietta can ' t believe he said that
 Cole wants to pass Luis his pillow . Luis is not going to text an idiot .
 Daniel passed the driving license exam .
 Andrew Simmons sends the list for the individual meetings tomorrow . Samuel Anderson won ' t come because
 Rosie is feeling better today .
 Ty needs a translator .
 Emily is waiting for her doctor .
 Sarah and Mary are going to take care of the Aquarium .
 Conor is out with some friends from college . Mario will bring him fries from kfc .
 Inga has received a parcel from Ditty . Inga collected a parcel before Christmas .
 Damian is happy for Huddersfield .
 Jay convinced Ruth and Paulette to accompany them to the Diamond ' s in Kenya . Joe
 Robyn exaggerated his alcohol intake last night . He drank too much .
 Adam has only been to a few countries . Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo .
 Gino is going to wear black trousers , black shoes and white shirt . Renee advises
 James will be ready at 6 : 15 . Richard will be waiting .
 Caleb sent Ella a picture of Maya playing a mouse in a school play .
 Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives .
 Josh will pick up Michelle at 7 for the movies tomorrow night .
 Yaz and Tania are going to a pub on Friday at 8 .
 Anna and Jerry are discussing historical events in their civilization .
 Robin is looking for tips on the Bulls Eye poker platform . Jacks sends Robin a link
 Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich ' s wedding . Sergio will talk about Ulrich '
 Edward and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow . They are going to an expo
 Gabriel is at his office . Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm . Gabriel will be
 Susan ' s presentation was a disaster . Becky has a fever . Susan will pick her up
 Noah is going to see Solstafir on Wednesday 21st of December . Leo is
 Marleen will be going to town in half an hour to buy silk kerchiefs for
 Lucas and Darren will have beer in the evening .
 Zandra ' s daughter ' s birthday party is tomorrow . Tricia will send Erwin
 Laura didn ' t get any replies . Raf was swamped .
 Adam is going in in 10 minutes .
 Lena has her keys . Paul will call her in 15 minutes to tell her what happened .
 Bob and Nigel liked Felix Laband ' s concert last night .
 A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison .
 Ewan ' s nephew graduated .
 Daniel is packing for his trip . He will bring his passport .
 Ross wants to do karaoke tonight . Chandler will record it .
 Poppy and Harry prefer to go to a party . Poppy doesn ' t like crowds
 Gyle has something to tell Brook .
 Regina had a good feedback from 3 people . Regina thinks the presentation will be cosy and
 Sean will come over to Barbara ' s place to stay overnight .
 Kyle is going out tonight . He ' s going to work for his uncle Kev at the
 Dick and Frank are going to see the apt 32 / 3 . Frank will come and see
 Steven and Mia will watch a movie at 9pm . They will eat Chinese before that .
 Lilly and Marshall will watch Netflix tonight .
 James is angry at the coach because he ' s not getting along with him .
 Stu ' s IT friend downloaded Open Office and some other programs on Priscilla '
 Helen ' s client Salvage Industries is into waste disposal . Helen will double check if they
 Phylis is baking a pie .
 Anthony will go with Andrew to a beer with his lady .
 Jill is bored at work . She ' s watching YouTube videos . She ' ll call Nate
 Jake has pulled a TOTW this year . He will try it in one or two
 Rosemary and Victoria are going to record drums this weekend . They need to borrow a tablet
 Jordan got his birthday card and money on time . He ' s 11 now .
 Jane may be 10 minutes late . Alex will wait for her at the supermarket .
 Ken is depressed and stressed out today . He had a bad day yesterday .
 Phil and Phil are looking after Deana ' s sunglasses .
 Alice ' s dad is coming to decorate Jo ' s place for a month . Kim
 Jessica will ask Mickey and Ollie the scariest places she ' s been to
 Spencer is working at the call centre and has a lot of commissions coming in . He '
 Tim is inviting some people from work over to play board games . Joe is an expert on
 Richard and Holy are going to meet at Starbucks at 8pm tomorrow .
 Gurdun is feeling a bit better . He will probably come back to the university on
 Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video of a prank .
 Thessalia and Mike are celebrating Christmas with Mummy .
 Samara doesn ' t want to play with JP .
 Michael can ' t leave the office before 8 pm today . Tom will call him tomorrow .
 Kevin will buy Dan a sandwich on his way to work .
 Simon and Charlie are critical of EU policy . They think Poland ' s situation is unfair .
 Tilly had to go for detention because she didn ' t get a text . She will
 Mell and Gloria are busy with their daily lives . Mell is busy with the kids . Mell
 Hailey will go to I - max cinemas with Whitney . Whitney will be there on
 George got a cooking pot for Christmas . Jenny got training shoes .
 Lincoln broke Hudson ' s toilet seat . He will replace it with a new one .
 Katherine will have to ask her dad and get back to Kayla at 11 .
 Lorena needs help with a new desk . Martin will help her tomorrow .
 Everett ' s friend , Ralph , introduced him to Amy at the pub last week . Ralph
 Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight . He will be tired after all hat work .
 Ed and Valerie are arguing about the purpose of sex .
 Gaya and Cristina will meet next week to discuss the shoot .
 Bon Jovi are coming to Poland next July . Matt and Phil will go to Warsaw .
 Dan will split the food from the BBQ . Ashley didn ' t have any food . Sara
 Harper will order a take - away pizza and watch Ugly Truth with Camila .
 Vanessa and Peter are on their way to a birthday party . They are stuck in traffic .
 Callan ' s Samsung S8 overheats and then it takes a while for it to
 Mike is in London .
 Andrea ' s son is sick . She ' s taking him to the doctor .
 Phil is waiting for Nancy at the shop . She will make an apple pie .
 Bryan ' s manager will send the payment tonight .
 Pogba scored a strike .
 Sybille ' s son cannot get his flight from Minneapolis to Paris . He ' s
 Natalia , Harriet and Lara will book a flight today .
 Hans will come to the practice with the ball .
 Holt ' s sister is 21 . He ' s going to buy DVDs and cosmetics for her
 Georgia will wear it to parties .
 Miley doesn ' t want to go to work tomorrow .
 Greg is coming for a business trip soon and will stay for two nights longer in BG .
 Beyonce tweeted something .
 Alexa ' s new YouTube channel is working . Alec thinks the girl is the best .
 Kelly still hasn ' t received the rent money . John sent the money to the wrong account
 James is going to work .
 Lilian ' s mum has been calling Kevin all day asking where Lilian is . Lil
 Freddy wants to sing at the school concert on Friday . Simon has a good singing voice and
 Tommy ' s mum will pick him up from the station . Tommy will take a bus .
 Tobias and Trevor will meet at 9 at Tobias ' s place .
 Israel hasn ' t sewn anything yet . Autumn has already shown Israel the dress .
 Frances and Henny are going to France for the New Year .
 Paula is not happy with the way the game is made .
 Calum wants to hire a computer investigator . Bethany is not sure if she wants to
 Jackie ' s sister got pregnant . She ' s not earning enough money for her kids .
 Mike , Sean and Joseph are going to the lecture tomorrow morning . They will share their notes
 Anna has a stomachache . She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast . She
 Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow .
 Jeff and Kate are in the little room next to the reception . The woman making a cake
 Larry and Kirsten are going to talk about insurance . They will send an email to the
 Chloe will go for a walk with the dog at 3 pm . Chloe ' s dad has
 Natalie ' s wallet is in her room .
 Phil is on his way from one client to another . He ' s on his way from
 Nicole is busy at her work and she ' s not sure when she and Martin will meet
 Mike has an allergy .
 David wants to get a scull and rose tattoo . Mike suggests he should get a sc
 William is making spaghetti . He will buy some tomatoes and some chocolate for Olivia and Beth .
 Karen is stuck in the traffic jam on the road from the swimming pool to Waitrose .
 Nick doesn ' t remember what internet connection they have . Nick will let Matt know .
 There is a match next week . Gavin and Gabriel will join them .
 Trump keeps talking about the stupid wall . Karine and Jennifer think he ' s pure evil
 Tickets cost a penny but are cheap . Tickets for children under 12 are 50 % off .
 Tina is looking for a man to fuck . Demi suggests she should chill .
 Winnie has broken her leg . Freddie will visit her soon .
 Mark will get tickets for Clint , Phil and Mark to see ' Batman . New Beginning '
 Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty ' s house . He will send Betty
 Warren locked the door .
 Aaron is going to a Sesame Street teaching training conference . He ' s giving two lectures
 Rob wants to sell his flat . He ' s thinking about having a baby . He '
 Evan talked to Ethan about the function . He might not come .
 Daisy is in Naples . She took a ferry early in the morning yesterday . Charlie would like
 Adele is listening to the song Kode recommended her . Kode has a CD in
 Ian doesn ' t know Claire . Leah told Maddie that he dumped her . Ian doesn
 Violet is going on vacation . She ' s going to a waxing salon . Pais
 Linda will follow Suzy on Instagram .
 John wants to get a trade request for Lamar Jackson . Nick needs to roll with Blake .
 Amelia ' s mum went on a diet . She gained 5 pounds .
 Carrie and Gina are going to see Fantastic Beasts this weekend . Alex and Carrie are going to
 Emily ' s favourite colour is blue .
 Mary moved to Southampton in December .
 Oliver and Sid are happy that their teacher got fired and thrown out of school .
 Alex likes the flash .
 Marek found a picture of a woman in a shopping mall . She might have been his
 Daniel ' s sister is visiting tonight . Mark will get drinks at his place .
 Bart ' s economy final was bad . Bart didn ' t study as much . Bart will
 Margot bought a bottle of wine for Nancy ' s birthday . Yvonne didn '
 Lindsay and Finlay came to Elliot ' s birthday party .
 Jennifer and Reece are going to watch " Mad Max " tomorrow evening .
 Sean ' s spirit animal is a tortoise .
 Susie ' s doing fine . Mary sends Henry a photo of the baby .
 Patti ' s cat is fine . She will pick it up after work .
 Kate is at the grocery store and she ' s buying apples and tangerines for school
 Lia ' s new earphones are available . Sam will collect them from her through the courier
 Kelly , Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick .
 Kate needs Emilly ' s blue handbag for Monica ' s wedding on Friday . Em
 Monica has a free usb in her office . Gina will come to Monica ' s office .
 Nathan wants to buy a bike in spring . He ' s thinking of hanging it in the
 Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the marvel . Jason has downloaded the latest episode
 Michael is travelling a lot . He ' s in Brazil and Chile . He ' s in
 Carol has a lot of fruit and she ' s going to make preserves with it . Jacob
 Molly can ' t think anymore today . Luca is trying to calm her down .
 Janette ' s got mice in her kitchen .
 Lawrence will be done with the article in a few minutes .
 Julia ' s parents are having a fight over where to eat . Julia doesn ' t want
 Agata ' s Facebook account goes to her Facebook account . Guido is worried that Ag
 Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks . They will meet in 2
 Sam started playing fifa at 19 .
 Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian and a kebab for himself .
 Adam ' s flight is rescheduled one hour later . Hannah will prepare something for dinner
 Matthew has a cold . He ' s taking a rest from it .
 Kyle will take the car to a mechanic .
 Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet . She bought 4 boxes at Ikea .
 Susan and Toby left the weekend and got back Sun evening . They stayed in a 4 -
 Olivia is having a party with her grand daughter . Eva will be home in an hour .
 Jack is 10 minutes late . Laura will wait inside .
 Melissa is not ok with men grabbing women ' s legs . Hailey had a friend yelled
 Zoe sends Frank a video .
 Josie likes Foucault ' s Pendulum , but she ' s not sure if
 Evan has the flu and has to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow .
 Amanda is going to a free concert in the city park tonight . Camille and Patrick will
 Mickey and Bobby are annoyed by the pharmaceutical industry ' s marketing of their products .
 Greg has some notes from statistics . Dave doesn ' t have any notes .
 Sally is not coming to Mark ' s party as she doesn ' t feel well . Mark
 Joy is going for a run on Friday at 11 am . Sandy will be late .
 It ' s raining . Candy will wait for Val to go .
 Ted kept the plasters until this morning after his shower .
 Kyle will call Lily in 10 minutes tops .
 Taylor ' s parents are away tomorrow at 8 PM at his house . Harry will join them
 Tomas is broke and he ' s checking his bank account every hour . Sierra will lend him
 Charles is going to visit the German markets this weekend . He ' s going to buy sausage
 Zoe and Xiara haven ' t applied for the RGS grant . Pamela will have a
 Ava is 158 cm tall .
 Ursula got a 93 on her French exam . Vaughn got a 65 .
 There was an emergency at school today . Three engines and ambulance responded .
 Perry , Marlow and Forster are going to Asia in September . They will meet tomorrow
 Lee is scared and confused . The digital wizard client manager is coming to his work . He
 Boris will take care of the clothes that are hanging outside .
 Barry , Jake and Kelly are going to march in Women ' s Strike .
 Laurel and John will meet tomorrow at Jade ' s collection at 5 pm to buy a birthday
 Rachel has a new cat . She ' s a siamese . Rachel ' s new
 Kristina and Bart are going to Mark ' s wedding after the party .
 Russel and Diana are going to buy a present for their mum .
 Amy looks serious at all times . Neither Owen nor Penny have talked to her .
 Rachel and Wai are going to the museum at 4 . They will meet at the main
 Robert is not in town .
 Dorothea wishes Elena happy birthday . They are going to eat something in town on Saturday
 Jules and Derek are going to have a class tomorrow .
 Ainsley is sick and can ' t help Jane with her thesis .
 Lydia ' s legs are amazing .
 Mick has never done student exchanges before . He ' s going to London for Halloween . Am
 Jessie and Karine were at kindergarten .
 Cael is not ready to wear the dress yet .
 Fiona is in love with Conrad , 5 years younger than her . Fiona is in love with
 Tim , John and Jeremy are worried about Kongo ' s situation .
 Margaret and Evans will meet on the 4th and 11th of December . They will meet
 Joanne wants to talk to Bradley , but he ' s busy at work .
 Iris ' husband is famous . Pete will be home in 1 hour .
 Iris wants to remove herself from an expense . Luke suggests she should delete the expense . Julia
 Ola will be free by 8 .
 Conny is going to write a paper for next week . He did some internet research .
 Louis thinks Melanie looks like Melanie . Archie thinks Melanie looks hotter when she had cury hair
 Carly and Cindy are shocked by her stupidity .
 Kirsten and Alex are going bowling this Friday at 7 pm .
 Sam doesn ' t know if he likes her . Cathy thinks he ' s shy . Sam
 Jess dreamed she was a lion tamer . She ' s thinking about going to Africa this
 Charles has gluten intolerance . He ' s feeling weird and bloated . Monica has a lactose
 Ulysses got an A . Julia got B . Julia ' s grades are on the
 Andrew ' s got his mouth dry .
 Linda missed the next train . It was 80 euros .
 Martha wants to buy similar lenses from Crazy Lenses .
 Linda wants to buy flowers for her mother . Michael suggests flowers for Tulips , roses and
 Tim is running late . Gary will come to Tim ' s presentation at about twenty past .
 Anna will pick up Mark from Sydney airport on Thursday at 3 pm . Marcus has a meeting
 Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles . Joanna will try to get vaccinated
 Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress .
 Joseph will take his car to the opera .
 Meg needs 5 minutes more to reach Carl .
 Ben is online today . He ' s looking for programmers . Kim will give him a call
 Stanley ' s dead . Everybody ' s posting about it .
 Maria is tired of her job . Anastasia and Felix advise her to calm down .
 Ryanair cancels flights affecting 400 , 000 more passengers . Elijah booked another flight with easy
 Rachel ' s aunt was in an accident . She ' s fine .
 Ross is married .
 Luke got his ass kicked surfing today . He had 0 waves , 3 wipeouts and 1
 Benjamin was unable to attend Friday night ' s basketball game . His team won 101 - 98
 The audition starts at 7 . 30 pm on Antena 3 .
 Marta clicked something by accident .
 There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham . About
 Janice has watched Deadpool 2 2 times . Janice ' s boyfriend forced her to watch
