 Amanda can ' t find Betty ' s number . She texted Larry .
 Eric and Rob are watching a stand - up of a Russian comedian .
 Bob will help Lenny choose the trousers for her .
 Emma will be home soon and will tell Will when she gets home .
 Ollie and Jane are going to a party on Friday . Ollie will bring
 Benjamin and Hilary will meet at the entrance to the conference hall at 2 pm to have
 Max and Payton are looking for good places to buy clothes . Payton likes browsing , looking in
 Rita is tired at work . She ' s nodding off at her keyboard hoping that the boss
 Beatrice is in town . Leo doesn ' t want a scarf .
 Ivan is coming to Eric ' s brother ' s wedding . Eric has a lot to do
 Wanda and Gina are going to a party on Friday . Wanda will take Gina '
 Martin won two cinema tickets . He will write a short review for the new film with Red
 Charlee is preparing a performance in Portuguese for her class .
 Tom and Ella rented a car to go by car .
 Luke will send Paul the login and password on Sunday . Luke will wire Paul the money every
 Greg needs to stay after hours to stay with Johnny . Betsy can ' t pick him up
 Ethan and Toby are making fun of each other .
 Igor is frustrated because he has a lot of work to do at work . John suggests Igor
 Clara is watching Dear White People on Netflix . She ' s also watching a TV show about
 Mike took Ernest ' s red honda into the garage today .
 Deirdre and Beth will meet tomorrow after school to talk about their plans for a girls
 Gloria and Emma are preparing for the exam . Gloria has 4 hours to prepare . Emma will
 Karen talked to May yesterday . May is depressed and doesn ' t want to see a specialist
 Anne saw Mark ' s passport today .
 It ' s Wharton ' s birthday next week . He mentioned a paper shredder once
 Ollie and Jessica are talking about a sculpture garden in Finnland . Ollie
 Selah can ' t see the phone number of the person who sent the photo .
 Bella and Eric were shocked by boss ' s reaction to dismiss the client ' s request .
 Emma is at the rare of the bus . She will sleep well . They will arrive to
 Jesse , Melvin and Maxine will do a Christmas wish list for the Refuge . They will
 Carter will lend Mary a box in an hour .
 Paula explains to Charlotte the pronunciation of the plant ' Natal Lily ' .
 Jack and May will have a couple of drinks later .
 Margaret has a terrible headache . Jack will buy her some painkillers .
 Andrei and Serge will pay the film equipment for tonight ' s shooting . Serge has an
 Janice ' s son wants her to get a hamster for his birthday . Martina
 Daniel , Mary and Lucas are playing DA II . Daniel is not sure . Mary is playing
 Judy is attracted to jerks . Andrew is a nice guy but she doesn ' t feel
 Chloe is on tv . James doesn ' t like Chloe ' s looks .
 Tina and Ala are on their way to a meeting . Tina is on her way to a
 Sebastian moved here a year ago . Sebastian has learned a lot during this time . Sebastian wants
 Son will try to come home this weekend .
 Ola and Kate are in Cuba . Momo is recovering from her injury . Kate sends
 Ann doesn ' t have John ' s number .
 Joseph sends Ella a photo of a baby cow .
 Stephen has taken Josh ' s notebook . Jack will bring it tomorrow .
 Adele got a new dog , a 4 - month - old pup biscuit lab .
 Kristian and Tabora are playing games .
 Cathy left her sunglasses at Broke ' s place . She will come round at 10 tonight
 Petra is sleepy and wants to sleep . She ' s working . She ' s tired because
 Nick wants to meet with Jane for a drink . She is a bit below the belt .
 Adam ' s friend saw Tim with a guy . Tim told Julia and Adam that Tim is
 Lilly will be late . Gabriel will order something for her .
 Celine will come over in the evening to pass by Cara ' s place .
 Craig ' s computer is not working . Derek will help him to get to his car in
 Abigail ' s smog alert app shows that the norms have been exceeded by 30
 Cindy will tell Paul what color flowers she should get .
 Jenny left her credit card at the shop . Mary will pick it up when she visits the
 Lara will pick up the cake and get the balloons for Tom ' s birthday party at 5
 Laura is waiting for Paul . Paul is almost there . Laura is angry because Paul wrote Laura
 Salma and Hugh are sharing a cat meme .
 The results should be announced soon . Oliver and Peter didn ' t get into Stanford . They
 Jake informs Nadia and Vanessa that Smith called in sick and they couldn ' t find a
 Brandon lost his credit card . Ian will lend him $ 100 .
 Inez , Gosia and Patrycja will go to a new restaurant on Wednesday
 Ana and Catherine will visit grandma tomorrow . Ana misses her . Ana and Catherine will call Ana
 Edson is buying a ticket now .
 Jane and Steven will meet at 4 : 30 at the main entrance .
 Suzanne is working a lot . Morgan has two tickets to Maroon 5 ' s concert at
 Julia has read Die again . Liam is interested in organizing a meeting with Tess .
 Ali ' s wallet was found in Mohammad ' s room . Mohammad will bring it to the
 Laura and Linda will go to an Italian restaurant tonight .
 Anna invites Martin , Margot and Mia to her birthday on 6th of November at 1930
 Mia and Elliot will go out after work tonight . Mia will pick Elliot up .
 Jayden is frustrated because he is pregnant and has to wait for a baby . Brennan is
 USA won last night . They will play tomorrow at 2 : 00 .
 Ela will call John in 10 minutes to give him her walle . Ela is
 Mary ' s sister is trying to contact people to get to the people she ' s working
 Fiona is preparing a tart for Chris and wants Tina to help her . Tina will help Fiona
 Clare is not in town . Annette is home sick . Oli and Helen are going
 Ryan and Sebastian are angry about the situation in Ukraine .
 Finn and Zadie are going to Elephant and Castle shopping centre tomorrow at 2 pm .
 Harry forgot to listen to the song he sent Jacob 3 days ago . Jacob will talk to
 Max locked the door from outside . Ray has to pee . Max will ask HURRY
 Harry ' s mom wants a new sofa and she needs pillows . Harry will tell her
 Josh needs an iPad . Brian recommends Apple , Samsung , Xiaomi and Sony .
 Olafur , Nathalie and Zoe are going to a club for New Year '
 Andy is watching Arrow B . Frank is watching Arrow . Andy has a quiz tomorrow . Frank
 Kim will cook ramal fish for a surprise occasion .
 Tom and Ben are going to meet at 2 pm in the Oval Room . They will fight
 Ashleigh got a job at the cinema .
 Danna is bored because she called 5 - 8 of her friends and they are busy .
 Alivia is working on her thesis . She has problems with finding research materials .
 Maddie is in Asda . John will buy white bread and some apples for Maddie
 Jordan is going to a funeral tonight . Jordan ' s colleague Brad has a liver cancer .
 Flo can ' t go to the salon until the 6th . Gina suggests she buys a
 Rob is at the grocery store and will buy some food for Ann and Rob for supper and
 Melany doesn ' t remember when she got laid .
 Eric and Samantha are discussing the recent scandal on the news .
 Jacky and David will talk later when David gets home .
 Rick and Chris will skype tomorrow at 3 pm .
 Ying ' s 10 years challenge everyone .
 Daniel and Missy will have drinks after dinner .
 Pete and Adelle will clean the hamster cage after school .
 Randolph will buy Maya 4 or 5 pairs of earplugs .
 Jane will buy an ipad for her dad for Christmas . David will order it online and
 Isabella and Betty will meet up to do something together .
 Amy is working now .
 Huda and Alex will go swimming in 2 hours .
 Janet , Alison , Nicole , Cheryl and Linda are disgusted with Trump ' s election .
 Rashi is low on career options . He is choosing a career based on what interests him
 Corbin is reporting school violence to the department in charge of school violence .
 Marta needs a technician to fix PC ' s . Joel doesn ' t know the best
 Ann ' s dad is turning 50 . Fiona suggests a surprise birthday party . Ann ' s
 Fatima talked to Jenson about Alene ' s depression . Alene is depressed .
 Lisa has to clean the house . Bob will help her .
 Luke and martial will meet at Carrington ' s office early tomorrow to discuss team selection
 Emily sends Julie a photo of a Christmas wish .
 Frederick and Ricky ' s new neighbors are noisy . They have a parakeet that wouldn
 Brenda and her partner Sandra worked in the clothes factory for 25 years . They moved to Stoke
 Joan can ' t go to see " A Star is Born " on Wednesday . Joan will
 George and Donna will meet tonight to discuss AIDS .
 Louis ' s mom is calling him .
 Crystal is going shopping with her little boy . Irene will take him to buy him something
 Tony sends Amy and Lucas a photo of a cat .
 Matt got his ticket for Dawid Podsiadlo . He will see Thomas and
 Chris and June pushed some girls into the pool . They got them to undress .
 Jeff , Lia and Mico will go to the village party . Lia is too tired to
 Paul will couch the game Saturday with Matthew .
 Luke ' s train arrives at 3 pm . Fred will pick Luke up at 3 : 15
 Jack is going to the casting . Ryan will come .
 Joanne is going to France to spend Christmas with her family . Joanne ' s parents
 Raul had a bad night yesterday evening and today morning . Jen had to go to a
 Angie has a stomach pain . She will see a doctor in an hour .
 Kelvin and Naheeda will have CAT 2 during the statistics class . Kelvin will talk with
 Linda , Ronnie and Karen are going to have lunch together . They will take takeout boxes
 Marty sprained his ankle . He will see a doctor tomorrow . Christine will pick up Marcel
 Peyton wants Cameron to bring the video game for Peyton . Cameron will have to stay out of
 Alicja ' s job interview is tomorrow .
 Paul forgot about his physiotherapy . Emma will be home after midnight . Emma will prepare some
 Sean overslept again .
 Chris and Tom will go to the jacuzzi in their garden . They will bring
 Harry is angry at Cindy for not picking up the phone with him .
 Mike didn ' t take the dog for a walk . Adam will take him with him .
 Murphy is going to Poanań on Tuesday and coming back the same day .
 Gaia is doing well at the university . She has 6 exams this term .
 Mr . Williams and Ms . Blair will meet at 2 p . m . at a coffee
 Jeff ' s skin condition is fine . He ' s on meds daily . Tina has
 Kristina is watching " America ' s Next Top Model " . Jannette is running
 Daniel is flying to Bologna today and has to change his flight . Marco will see
 Mike will call Dale in 2 hours .
 Timmy is angry at his boss . Gemma is organising a birthday party for him at
 Pat has a delay in her work . She will come in the evening around 9pm .
 Erin will meet Ashley at the camp to do the interview . They will meet at the pool
 Maria , Kate , Tommy and Sam are preparing for the conference . Tommy will prepare a power
 Maxwell and Jeanice have worked together for 8 hours . Marcus argued with a friend , Marcus
 Mike , Tom and Ben will go for a beer .
 Leah met a creep at the poetry reading . He was boring and kept talking to Leah .
 Nicky has just left Dave ' s place .
 Ken wants his money back from Greg .
 Alexander sends Tom a photo of the taxi they took .
 Asher and Shane are looking at the carnival party at the university .
 Ian left his green folder on the dining room table . Sophie will ask Alex if she knows
 Adrian will meet Simon at 5 .
 Jen is angry at her ex for not giving back the money he owes her . She '
 Dean is starving and wants to grab something to eat for dinner with Poppy . Poppy
 Gab and Kat will meet up for a drink on the Internet .
 Agatha is preparing her presentation on economics .
 Imagine Dragons are coming to ABC Theatre on 12 July . Sally and Tim will go together .
 Bez ' s car has a display error . Andrew took it to the garage next to
 Laura is busy with a project . She will visit Keith ' s parents next Saturday . Keith
 Pegah will be back at 22 : 00 . She works from 17 : 00 till 21
 Pam needs to buy balloons for Tom ' s birthday . Robert will text her the address of
 Shelly is volunteering at the food shelter this year . Tracy is not into that . J
 Max has a new project . Jim will listen to it when he gets home .
 Kane recommends the new 30 seconds to Mars album to Shannon .
 Andy will visit Paul in about 1 hour . Andy has a lot of political issues with Hannah
 Caroline is tugging on her testicles again .
 Ron checks Josh ' s email .
 Phoebe used her mother ' s perfume and broke it .
 Rob and Eve will meet tomorrow at 3 . They will go shopping in the stores .
 Betty and Sandra are going to meet at Sandra ' s at 6 to drink wine .
 Anna and Peter are playing a game of clothes with an app . Anna has 12 shirts ,
 Dan ' s injection with anaesthesis is not working any more . He ' s swollen
 Archie will arrive from Southampton around midnight . He will be travelling by bus . Judah will call
 Chloe hasn ' t watched the series Biwott told her yet . Chloe will watch it
 Lauren is thinking of getting a small tattoo above the ankle . Tessie knows a couple of
 Wendy thinks the upstairs toilet is not draining well . David suggests that Wendy should call the pl
 Kaylen is driving on the left in the country . Rowen and Kaylen are driving
 Tom is going to Robinson Crusoe ' s island .
 Emely has to fill in the gaps in a task . She will send Titus a
 Marco will print the article and read it right now . It ' s 12 pages long .
 Harris ' s friend Aoki died yesterday . Harris is not sure what happened . Lena '
 Hannah has a lot of New Year ' s resolutions . She ' s going to lose weight
 Trevor is having a problem with Abigail . He is going to break up with her
 Julia is addicted to her social media . Gail and Julia spy on people .
 Miranda called Tom to break up with Anne and Catherine . Miranda knows Anne and Catherine are dating
 Barbara and Eva flled out for mom ' s food .
 Sarah will arrive in New York this coming Thursday . Joshua will wait for her gift .
 Allison has got a scholarship .
 Sam finishes work at 5 and he will come over at about 9 .
 Betty and Phil will meet at 6 . 30 at the cinema to watch a thriller . They
 Robert is looking for a new job . Serge will send Robert his CV .
 Lily spent a night with a Romanian man . He is from Romania . He is from a
 Sam is looking for a black dress for his wife . Sarah fashion makes dresses on order as
 Kamden is on fb . He uses chat to keep up with good friends . M
 Jason and Mike will play Destiny 2 on PS4 later .
 Linda is moving to Ohio . She got a new job and is moving to a flat in
 Hayden has 1 month to write his thesis . He is thinking about working as a flight attendant
 Alan found a whiskey with no sugar , no cinnamon flavoring and no alcohol . Robert and
 Mary and Yaz are going to slimming club tonight . They will see Yaz at 6 .
 Aaliyah and Camille are sick . Ellie ' s classes are on the second floor
 Nathan and Aaron are laughing at the video of their cat ' s mate .
 William has been waiting for Emma for 20 minutes . He ' s coming back in 5 minutes
 Jake reserved 3 tickets for 7 pm and got a 30 % discount on them .
 Freddie is watching Mad Men and Kelly ' s just finished The Crown . Freddie is watching Out
 Sonia and Toni are planning to go to San Sebastian in a month or so . T
 Malik and Samantha will try the paleo diet together . Samantha will text Malik to find out
 Derek closed some deals but Phil couldn ' t close any deal . Some customers are negotiating for
 Dominic and Nova are laughing at the fact that people are photoshopping Timothée Chal
 Peter is busy with work . He doesn ' t have much weight to lose . He does
 Julia broke Tom ' s cup . She will buy him a new one .
 Don and Hank are going to the hockey game today . They will take their kids to the
 Jessica bought a table , six chairs , a vase , a pile of clothes and a
 Abigail and Damien go to church on Sunday . Abigail reminds Damien to wear
 Lucian is at home . He doesn ' t cook anything .
 Doug is jealous of Jeni ' s new shoes .
 Tessa ' s boyfriend Jim Andrews is a friend from work . Chloe ' s co -
 Emily and Kate will meet at the pub X at 5 . 30 . Kate may be closer
 Jane is allergic to peanuts . Anne and Jane ordered a cheesecake and Jane got a rash
 Tiffany will buy a burger on Railey ' s request .
 Ariana is going shopping in Midtown .
 Jane and Connor will go to Value Village with their sister .
 Mary stayed at home today .
 Tom and Jeffrey are few meters from Elena .
 Sophia sent Mason a photo of herself in a make up mess . Mason will still love her
 Steffen is more handicapped than usual . Irene will give him a lift to the
 Mike , Florence , Margot and others are going on a research trip to Swazi .
 Christine has a flu . Annie will drop Theraflu sachets through Christine ' s
 Bob is angry at Jill for calling her girlfriend and sending her their pictures . Jill is angry
 Peter starts work at 8 on the 6th . Aggie will get a babysitter .
 Maryam is probably with her father .
 George , Robert , Yousuf and Paul will go to play basketball on Friday at 7
 Mitch is tired . Rory and Sam will take him to the International camp . Mitch will chip
 Angelina and Jones will meet later in the afternoon in town .
 Alyssa and Derek have seen Fergie ' s national anthem . They think she
 Lauren will tell Pam about her holiday tomorrow .
 Harriette went ghost hunting once with her friends . She didn ' t see any ghosts
 Jack can ' t get the application running . Kev switched the computer on .
 Dan will explain everything to Angela at school later .
 Shaldona and Piper are getting married . Shaldona has no time to give the
 Ralph and Paula will meet with the new person in an hour .
 Ania , Kasia and Jan will go to the church tomorrow to praise Mary the Queen
 Harry is waiting for Ema outside . She will be there in 5 minutes .
 The agreement will divide the seabed up into two parts .
 Joe is tired of his job . He ' s angry because he ' s not satisfied with
 Natalie and Judy are going to the new club at Regents Street this weekend . Judy is
 Jamie , Marlo and Alex are going to do presentations in groups . Alex will make the
 John is in the park with Theresa . John is leaving with Theresa .
 Louis and Sara saw a huge crowd outside the book shop today . Louis ' s friend told
 Debbie is looking for a red dress to wear . Kelly and Denise advise her to buy the
 Emilia is still angry .
 Mia doesn ' t have a credit card . Tom will send Mia the link to buy a
 Hugh has a toothache and needs a checkup . Andy recommends ProDent in the
 Ella ' s mom won a hundred thou in the lottery . She ' s going to
 There was a car accident on Circle Drive . There were no deaths .
 Bob and Rob are watching the game . They will meet up at some bar this weekend .
 Julie and Debra will meet over the weekend . They will drink vodka and go to a
 Mike had an accident on his motorcycle and broke his leg .
 David babysit Ethan . Ethan ' s sister was naughty . Avery has switched off David '
 Conrad forgot his keys . Rebecca will be home at 10 - 11 . Conrad will wait in
 Clara noticed a weird smell at Kasia ' s place last night . She thinks it was
 Holly is sick and won ' t come tonight .
 Ludmila ' s favourite dinosaur growing up was triceratops . Jacopo
 Josh is going to the pub tonight . Logan wants to meet some girls .
 Indiana left his phone at Liam ' s place .
 Claire is sending a photo of a dress to Maria and Nicole .
 Victor sold off the office and accommodated the office in his office . Chris is still working
 Patricia has sent Elle a file with the fair - trade brand . Elle will look
 Ethan is in Los Angeles . He didn ' t attend the part last night . He will
 Stan will take her to Pat & Gill ' s .
 Dylan hasn ' t talked to Miro . He ' s from Albania . He told Abby
 Julie is home alone and scared . Rose and Paula will come over to Julie ' s to
 Lucy ' s daughter is 15 . Lucy is not as good as she always wanted to be
 Dan , Tim , Chris and Martin are going to a party on Saturday at their in -
 Casey did Amelia ' s nails herself . Amelia wants her nails done by Casey . Casey got
 Kate forgot the sociology assignment . Sharol will help her .
 Jamie is sick . Helen has a perdiatrician , Tornez , who treats
 Tim forgot to see Louise ' s mother today .
 Caroline ' s first boyfriend is 26 and lives at home with his mum and gramma .
 Vincent broke his lamp . He ordered a new one .
 Nestor is thinking of buying a new laptop as Black Friday is approaching . Olaf sends
 Vic prefers Facebook to Twitter . He prefers Instagram .
 Amanda doesn ' t like the guy with dreads .
 Sue will pick up James ' car after work tomorrow and transfer the money in .
 Jess is stuck in a traffic jam in the West Bronx .
 Dima ' s laptop broke . She has to deliver a translation tomorrow at 9 . N
 Kelly went to the pub at 2 am with someone . Betty is upset because he didn '
 Anne and Adele will come for Easter on Friday . Adele will bring chocolates
 Peggy is using the library computers . Melody recommends the mac model that Peggy has . Peggy will
 Jerry is coming home in 40 minutes . Janet ' s boss is a pain in the ass
 Mark , Anna , George and Julia will go on a package tour . They will choose one
 Stanley can ' t go for the weekend with Alison because of work . She accused Stanley of
 Kimberly left the cafe yesterday with her pink umbrella . It was a pinkish - blue one
 Catherine applied for an accounting position at Pandora . Jake was promoted twice during these 5 years .
 Fiona and Anna will go to the doctor tomorrow at 8 a . m .
 Dan wants to wash his hands . Andrea will write to the owner to ask her address .
 Claire and Kim are preparing Curry Curry for dinner .
 Matt ' s homestay parents take Carlos for subway . They prefer talking to Carlos .
 Ann will pick up Tim at the railway station next morning . Ann and Erik spent a week
 Sharon ' s parents are angry at her . Ahmed will take care of her .
 Rob is looking at today ' s memes and he finds them boring . Tom wants Rob to
 Mike will get the hand sanitizer by the restrooms .
 Louis and Cheryl had an argument . Cheryl left the window open . Louis is angry and wants
 Victor will pick David up from the airport at 17 : 30 at Sevilla . Jerez
 Ann will pay 200 dollars for the laptop . Josh has a bag and a small usb mouse
 Sara will do the washing up when she gets back from the cinema . Sam will join her
 Gary is driving for Uber . He ' s met loads of cool people .
 Leah is sending Kristi a 20 % discount coupon for all the items on the online shop
 Steve will call Sue when he gets the message .
 Andre read about the bear attack on the zoo . Megan and Andre are shocked by the reaction
 Mick has not received the confirmation from AES yet . He needs to call them .
 Alan sent Allison the file with budget estimation for current year and not for next year . Allison
 Liam and Nate will meet in 15 minutes .
 Duncan and Carl will attend the championship . Carl will use a 6 speed hydrolic shift gear
 Dinny will take Terry ' s dog away before he comes .
 Anastasia sends Darrell a photo of her and Darrell ' s school photos . Anast
 Kim is going to Seoul in April . Kim will bring kimchi with Jane as a
 Aubrianna ' s friend ' s dad died of malaria in kongo .
 Josh lost his sneakers in the swimming pool and fitness gym . He will check the swimming pool
 Bella and Aria are going to Warsaw for Valentine ' s Day . Bella will probably go
 Sawyer , Wheeler and Yardley are playing a ball game tonight at 6 pm .
 Daina needs to put her make up on . She will be there in about an hour
 Viola is feeling a bit light in the stomach . Carmen will come on Friday night to
 Madeline and Martin had a little argument today . Alex will tell Madeline what happened tomorrow
 Mom and Betty are busy . Betty will check in with Mom .
 William will cook spaghetti alla vongole for dinner . He will make garlic golden ,
 Maria , Alexander , Sarah and Martha are meeting tomorrow evening at 17 : 15 at the IMF
 Molly has a free ticket to the Muse concert in Cracow . Hannah doesn ' t
 Laura passed all exams but one . Tabby will come to Daisy ' s party on Saturday
 Coco is sitting on Becky ' s lap purring . Becky and Joel visited Coco 2 days
 Sosie will be at Kyra ' s flat in 5 minutes .
 Ronnie and Clint are discussing waste management in their city . Ronnie is concerned about the lack of
 Tina is at work . Adam will call her tomorrow . Tina is still at work . Tina
 Natalie is pregnant .
 Nick will bring Steve chicken for lunch .
 Gemma and Timmy are going to Lona and Michelle ' s wedding . Gemma
 Millie won ' t come today .
 Daisy will be back before 11 pm .
 Sophie and Tina are going to meet in 3 minutes . Tina is already dressed .
 Sophie ' s twins are healthy and will be home this weekend . William went to collect the
 Harry will buy a table cloth 120 cm x 140 cm , two medium size wardrobe organisers ,
 Cindy is sad and doesn ' t want to talk about it . Ellie shares a funny video
 Nadia and Jannet had a great time at the disco yesterday . Nadia is
 Jeff will drive Mark ' s car .
 Ann congratulates Sue and Julie on their success . Ann and Julie will have a celebration tonight
 Kathy is going to get her hair cut a bit shorter today . Olivia is chillin .
 Mr . Benson is in Peru discussing a contract with a new client . He needs Claudia and
 Jane ' s mother texted Den about crying over the news . Den will bring fish and chips
 Ludo is in room 112 with Hugo and Charles . Mum has to go to the meeting
 Chandler asks Phoebe to open her door and pay the delivery man standing outside her door
 Max ' s sister is studying in China . She speaks Chinese . She ' s studying in
 Russ will send David the report by midday .
 Catherine and Ben are going to visit uncle Steve today . They don ' t have anything in
 Clay is the class room in Library .
 Sean will take the car to the carwash tomorrow .
 Bert will be home at 8 . Julia will wait for him with the dinner .
 Steve ' s dishwasher has turned up . Mum is happy with it .
 Michelle is still working on an update .
 Joy is coming back on Thursday .
 Henry and Julia are looking for a table at the cafe Kohaku near Covent Garden .
 Olivia has some things she should do . She should do her accounts . She also needs to
 Emily broke one of Linda ' s green tea cups . She cleaned the cupboards in the
 Tom and Camilla will go to Dublin this weekend . The weather forecast is good . Tom
 Stella is a teacher and wants to visit Sandra . She ' s taking her to the cinema
 Harley and Ruby are discussing the divorce filing . Ruby thinks the divorce is bad . Harley and
 Ken is stressed , because he has a lot going on at home . Ang will cheer him
 Julius and Titus are going to watch Manchester United play in the derby today .
 Dexter and Addisyn haven ' t talked for a long time . Dexter thinks Addis
 Jason was absent today because of a dental appointment .
 Cindy set up the conference room for today ' s meeting with management board at 2 pm .
 Samuel is in Laos . He ordered a joint with mushroom pizza . The owner bribed the
 Mike and Celia will go to Egypt for Holiday .
 Jasmine and Paola love Charlie Puth ' s new song " Galway Girl "
 Sharon needs to go to the salon on Sunday . Jaz will pop in the dye dye
 Pete will be home in 20 minutes .
 Kas will tidy up Laura ' s dreads tonight .
 Jill has worked 40 hours so far .
 Amelia and James are going to see the art exhibition tomorrow . Mia will go to the cinema
 The readings for the next session of Stephen ' s seminar are in the print shop . Rita
 Ost bought a garage in the city centre . Vesna and Ost are happy with the prices
 Hania is on the road for 3 hours . She will be at the next station in
 Kaylee is blocking Gavin .
 Lara is coming today .
 Mazie and Lee are having a drink tonight . Mazie saw Sheryl on a bad
 Erin baked something . Zachary is busy cleaning the flat .
 Joseph had three job interviews in two days . The first two were ok , but the second
 Sue will send Graham dates over for weekends in Romford . Graham will let Sue know when
 John and Andrew are playing a game called " World of Tanks " . They are discussing the
 Rael hates his job . He ' s angry at his manager . He ' s thinking
 Susan went on a date with a guy she met at home . They went to rollers
 Joe and Pete will watch Deadpool 2 tonight .
 Euodia doesn ' t know what tiktok is . Domigo explains
 Hugh sends Julia a photo of his son .
 Nathalie and Anthony are going on holiday to Greece . They need to be back by
 Lori is in Copley . Maria is in Prudential . Lori is in Pr
 Jade is a pathological liar . Jade lives in a studio apartment in the outskirts of town .
 Telly and Ally are unsure about going to Luke ' s New Year ' s party .
 Karen passed . She has a new designated driver .
 Gill needs a new peeling . He needs more power . Bunny suggests making her own pe
 Ryan is visiting family in Manchester . Chris stayed home with Ann .
 Bruce ' s campaign has reached 5000 dollars . Bruce has raised 6132 bucks .
 Liam will pick Kane up at 8 .
 Kate and Chris have a fight every time she talks about the refugees . Chris is an immigrant
 Celine and Mark went on skates . Mia will be there with Celine .
 Sarah and Lia are going to the desert for Passover . Sarah bought the tickets yesterday for
 Gene sent Jack a package on Friday . Jack will check the tracking .
 Miranda has to work 20 hours a day . She ' s angry because she ' s working
 Clara , Blake and Jenny will go to fabro - ficule . Blake will wait
 Raymond and Charlotte will have pizza and pizza . They will have both . Charlotte will bring wine
 The new Jersey Shore season is almost there . Zack watched a couple of episodes and it was
 Will is standing in a long line at the post office . He hates the fact that the
 Serena and Ella went to Cork last weekend . They liked the club but it was
 Molly , Peter and Kai are going to Sweden for a week in January . They will visit
 Frank has some things to do at the weekend . He will go to horse racing with Av
 Adam is going to Multisports this week . Mair will bring him round at half
 Ethan and Dustin will meet at 8 pm at the gym . Ethan will text Sam to pick
 Diana is going for a hip - hop workshop . Frann will join her .
 Pam lost her phone . She ' s looking for it . Dot suggests she can use an
 A student was beaten and mugged on campus . The assailant had a mask on . The
 Deborah and Nathan are packing for tomorrow . They will take the unicorn with them to the forest
 Alexander , Igor and Casper are going to the circus tomorrow . They will meet near the
 Judie ' s gf had a tattoo done in Warsaw . It cost her 1000 .
 Sam owns a hotel . Sam and Michael will meet at 2 p . m . on the
 Marsha , Cynthia , Mohammad and Gavin are going on a trip to Madagascar . Marsha
 Cyprien is from Jarrow , London . He was educated in Loughborou
 Joanna needs to clean the stains from her dress . Ethel suggests using a cheap dress
 Anna and Charlie will have pizza tonight . Charlie is still upset about the things that happened .
 It ' s cold outside . Ovi and Jason are running around the city in this cold
 Leticia lost her wallet . She will call the bank and block her account .
 Paula will send Andrew the paper from the office tomorrow . The deadline for the application is Friday
 Ben and Steven will have pizza at Marco ' s tonight .
 Terence took Daniel ' s money . He ' s sorry he took Daniel ' s money
 Lucy will have to throw the garbage out now .
 Vinny will lend his car to Willy for a day or so . They will car
 Lindsey has just finished her class . She asked one girl to put her name on the attendance
 Jason and Dory are working on a movie this weekend . They have to create an app
 Michelle loves Kelly . Jared doesn ' t want to ask Kelly out .
 Reeve , Winslow , Dodson and Slow are going to the seaside for winter
 Alex and Zayna will meet at Alex ' s place at 8 pm tonight .
 Grace is not sure about graduating soon . She will take a year off .
 Monica sends Natalie the recipe for her famous cheesecake .
 Dixie will ask Jair to give her Jason ' s phone number . Ethan will send
 Amanda is not a big fan of the character Amy Peehler . Vincent recommends her to
 Bob bought a game and wants to play it with Harry . Harry has a broken car so
 Randal bought the nail polish but the shop assistant is looking at him weird .
 Mike and Pat are discussing Chicago ' s performance last night . Pat is not a soccer fan
 Nate overbooked the room . He has to create a new file and feed the data
 Enrique shares his collection with the class . Farrah and Enrique ' s 4th grade students
 Zoey and Thomas are in the tropics . The temperature is - 3 at night and
 Susannah and Linda will meet at 6 at the main entrance .
 Emma and Peter are going to Amiens tomorrow . They will leave early to avoid the noise
 Breann and Dianne are giving new customers a 10 % discount on Pet shop ' s new
 Hugh and Wanda will prepare the base and prepare everything in the oven .
 The next ASEEES conference takes place in San Francisco .
 Jim ' s package has left the warehouse and will be delivered to him tomorrow .
 Rhonda will send the content for the November email blast to Precious on the Dropbox .
 Tommy will call his wife to borrow a power pack from Derek McCarthy . Tommy will call her
 Judy will feed Derek ' s animals on Friday and Saturday . Derek will give her his keys
 Laura , Kelsey and Sid are going to see Aquaman on Thursday after 7 PM .
 Rob and Greg are going to start a Get off the couch challenge . Rob will start 30
 Bennett and Cynthia will meet at a new bistro Cynthia discovered .
 Lorenzo and Amanda are in Arezzo . Lorenzo will take the keys to the room . Amanda
 Walker will bring his Xbox console .
 Laura ' s mother passed away this morning . Anne and Kristian want to spend more time
 Keith and Adam miss the cafes by the river .
 Ana and Carlton are going to see the film by Lola Arias on Saturday at 7
 John sends Henry a picture of his poop . Henry has never been constipated .
 James is worried about the tsunami in Japan . Patricia is scared of the long flight , earth
 Linda will throw all the plants she has in the compost heap .
 Drade ' s brother got out of the group chatting room and he ' s angry .
 Kate broke her arm and they ' re sending her to the hospital . Greg will call Linda
 Charlie and Frank will go out with Charlie ' s sister tonight to celebrate her passing her exam
 Clara will come over at Bella ' s at 7 . 30 to have a drink and to
 Jose and Amanda are going to Cuba in 2019 .
 Rob will be home tomorrow . Susan will cook something special for him .
 Dominique and Denise will have a test tomorrow .
 Steph and Sharon are going to buy copper lamps .
 Anna is at work . Anna will call Peter in 20 minutes .
 Jesse broke Stig ' s razor .
 Patrick changed his phone number to + 44 7700 900077 .
 Sam is in hospital . Lucy and Chiara were worried about him . Sam was in Chicago
 Jack will buy butter and cook a mushroom soup for Thomas .
 Helen has a presentation today . She can ' t do anything with her laptop . Debbie will
 Jessica got a dying plant for her birthday . Boston gives her a photo of it .
 John lost his job in Germany and his team was liquidated . He was the only employee
 Vicky , Audrey , Marty and kids will meet at fratellis at 7 . 30
 Kaylin and Amir are discussing Cynthia ' s appearance .
 Lois is considering deleting both of her apps . Keira ' s sister is grounded for a
 Natacha will pick up Charles at the RER at 5 : 30 pm . Natacha
 Helen is upset because Simon didn ' t hear her . Simon will fetch her some tissues .
 There is a blizzard outside . Tom and Shelly saw it when he was a student
 Lucy and Maggie are going to a gig at Lucy ' s at 8 pm . Lucy is
 Rose and Jake will start thinking about Christmas gifts when Jake gets home .
 Martha and Jake are discussing the importance of minimalism . Martha saw a documentary about it .
 Albert passed the driving exam on his 4th attempt .
 Ravi ' s mother has been having knee pain for 5 years . She has a doctor
 Lynn is having sex with a wrinkled man . Diana and Wilbur are laughing at the
 Alice has a flu . She ' s home for 10 days . She ' s not taking
 Marco left Millas present at Sandra ' s place yesterday . Sandra will bring it over to
 Mum will wrap something for Steve .
 Zariah has a back pain almost every day .
 James is thinking about Hannah . Hannah has plans for tomorrow evening . James will pick her up
 Rachel and Caron will meet at Red Lion at 8 .
 Victor is busy this Saturday and won ' t help with the event Sara is organizing .
 Wendy came from Houston . Dave will hit on Wendy soon . Wendy is Wendy ' s lover
 Patricia will call George in an hour or so to talk .
 Mario has landed in every airport in Europe today . He ' s waiting in Luxembourg now .
 Lena and Brian are angry at the new professor who doesn ' t do the homework for students
 Elvina got an invite to the local theatre . She ' s not sure what to
 Callum is a little busy .
 Jacob is going to meet Emily at the parking lot at 10 .
 Ella met up with Chuck on Friday . Molly is going to kill Chuck .
 Rita and Sally are excited about Borns ' new album God Save Our Young Blood and Florence
 Gloria is too poor to cook . Amanita suggests she should plan her meals better .
 Haley found a photo of Bella when she was 2 weeks old . Bella is now about 2
 Jeff and Miranda are worried about the US economy and the global economy . Jeff is not an
 Alexa asked Ethan to Insult her . Alexa was jealous of Ethan . Alexa and Ethan will
 Ann has extra math classes . Ann will be home at 7 .
 Lorenna can ' t come to the party tomorrow because Emma has a fever . She '
 Iga had a weekend getaway with her boyfriend but she cancelled it because he couldn '
 Tim is in Telugu . It ' s the language of India . Telugu is the
 Pete will have a look for a pear yogurt . If it doesn ' t have pear ,
 Eve and Charlie are meeting at the entrance .
 Sophie doesn ' t know a fox . Jenkin is a dolphin . Sophie will bring Jen
 Scarlett forgot Daisy ' s RGS application . Daisy will send it to Scarlett right now .
 Christie and Katie are tired after the party .
 Sam and Carla will meet at the cafe Meanwood at 2 .
 Lily needs to rent a pop corn machine for her office Christmas party . Daniel will check if
 Louis is looking for something to buy Lilly and Stephen for the wedding . Sara is on a
 Chris tried jogging today . He ' s taking pills to slow his heart rate . He
 Dan and Eric watched the second Punisher season 2 . They both think the second one was
 Hilary and Geri will go to the mall to buy shoes and frozen yogurt . Ger
 Jacob and Alex are talking about the upcoming meeting of top management in France .
 Joana and Sandy will play some games .
 Jenny and Jeremy are going to the concert on Saturday . They will start with a drink .
 John and Matt will have practice today .
 George is coming to Blake .
 Steve bought the new Dream Theater album 5 minutes ago . Rob has it on his desk ready
 Martin will buy two milks for Alex .
 Jeremih ' s sister is mad at him . Hansel will not interfere .
 Peter will look at Joy ' s beauty shop .
 Emma and Josh went to the seaside for New Year ' s Eve . Emma had a
 Andy is working late until 4 . He will be there by 8 .
 Stewart and Shari are going to vote for Puhleeze .
 Lydia added him on Facebook . He accepted her invitation . Lydia is trying to ignore him .
 Daria got a new law firm job .
 Boris will come to Sarah at her earliest convenience to amend Sarah ' s PTO request .
 Blair and Chuck will meet at Nonna Rita ' s for a coffee . They will have
 Alan sent Ruth an email . Ruth never replied . Alan sends the email again .
 Payne and Oscar will meet for a coffee at Tristano ' s in half an hour
 Frank and Hope love each other .
 Luke sent Gina a picture of the parrot he painted yesterday .
 Tina and Steve will meet in the car park to do some shopping after work .
 Henrietta and Rudi are watching the trump video . He said something about a congress woman
 Cole is in the same room as Luis . Luis is sitting a few inches from Cole .
 Daniel passed the driving license exam .
 Andrew Simmons sends the list for individual meetings tomorrow . Samuel Anderson won ' t come because he
 Rosie is feeling better today , but not good .
 Ty needs a translator . Veronica doesn ' t speak French .
 Emily is waiting for her doctor . She is scared because she is seeing a nun and a
 The Aquarium is kept in a safe place . Sarah will help them transport it .
 Mario will bring Conor fries from kfc .
 Inga has a parcel for Ditty . She will come over to collect it at 6
 Damian and Mason watched the Chelsea game . Damian is happy for the team . Jacob is happy
 Jay is going to Kenya to buy tickets for the Diamond ' s concert . Joe doesn '
 Robyn drank too much last night and he lost control .
 Adam hasn ' t been to Egypt . Aaron has a connecting flight in Cairo and might leave
 Gino is going to wear a black shirt , black trousers and black shoes . Renee
 James will be ready at 6 : 15 . Richard will be waiting .
 Caleb sent Ella a picture of Maya playing a mouse in a school play .
 Javier reminds Marco to sign the attendance form when he arrives so everyone knows he was there .
 Josh and Michelle will meet at the movies tomorrow at 7 .
 Yaz is going to Manchester for a 4 - month break - up with Sophie . She '
 Anna and Jerry are discussing historical moments in human history . Anna is disturbed by the fact that
 Jacks recommends the Bulls Eye poker platform to Robin . Jacks sends Robin links to some
 Sergio prepared a speech for Ulrich ' s wedding . He ' ll talk about Ulrich
 Edward and Lauren are going on a business trip tomorrow . They are going to an expo
 Robert is meeting Darek at 5 pm . Gabriel is at home . Robert came to visit
 Susan ' s presentation was a disaster . Becky has a fever . Susan will pick her up
 Noah and Leo are going to see " Solstafir " on Wednesday . Noah will
 Marleen will be going to Kaiser ' s to buy silk kerchiefs for Rita .
 Johnatan , Darren and Lucas are going to have a beer in the evening .
 Zandra is making a cake for Tricia ' s daughter ' s birthday . Zandra
 Laura has been swamped and forgot to text Sarah back . Laura is at an exotic island
 Adam is going in for the exam in 10 minutes .
 Lena has her keys . Paul will be home in 15 minutes . Lena will tell Paul in
 Bob and Nigel went to the concert of Felix Laband last night .
 A cat invaded the pitch at Goodison . Bradley and Jill send a video of the cat
 Ewan ' s nephew graduated .
 Daniel is packing for the trip . He will pack his passport . Brian is going to Bosnia
 Ross and Chandler will do karaoke tonight .
 Poppy and Harry prefer to party in Lisbon . Poppy doesn ' t like crowds ,
 Something bad happened yesterday . Gyle will come home and see it .
 Milena and Regina had a good feedback from the presentation . 3 people came to listen to
 Barbara will come over to Sean ' s place to stay overnight .
 Kyle is going to school at 6 . Kyle is working for Kev at the building site .
 Dick and Frank are going to the apt to see it . Frank has a contractor that does
 Steven and Mia will meet at 8 for Chinese food before the movie starts .
 Lilly and Marshall will watch some Netflix tonight .
 James is out because the coach is annoying . James has already texted him .
 Stu ' s IT friend Alex downloaded Open Office and some other programs and put them on
 Helen needs more information on Salvage Industries ' major business .
 Ginger needs some sugar to bake a pie . Phylis is baking a pie .
 Anthony and Robert will go for a beer around 9 . Anthony is taking his lady for a
 Jill is bored and needs to find a job . Nate will call her when he gets off
 Jake has pulled a TOTW this year . He will try it in one or two
 Victoria and Rosemary will record the drums on Rosemary ' s tablet this weekend . Rose
 Cass got Jordan a Thomas the Tank engine for his birthday . Cass will get him a football
 Jane may be 10 minutes late . Alex will wait for her at the supermarket . Jane took
 Ken is depressed and stressed out after a bad day yesterday . Ellen is worried about him .
 Deana has a lot of sunglasses . She thinks they belong to Adrian .
 Alice ' s dad is coming for a month . Kim and Alice will meet on Saturday after
 Jessica will start with Palermo in Italy . Mickey will start with the Capuchin Cat
 Maria and Spencer are working at the call centre . Spencer works 16 hours a week at the
 Tim is inviting some friends from work over to play boardgames . Joe is an expert on
 Richard and Holy will meet at Starbucks after 3 pm tomorrow to start planning their project . Holy
 Russ and Gurdun are going to meet up later . Russ had a flu three months
 Leo sends Charlie and Oliver a video with a prank . Oliver and Oliver are not happy about
 Thessalia and Mike are celebrating Christmas with Mummy .
 Samara doesn ' t want to play with JP .
 Michael can ' t leave the office before 8 pm today . Tom will call Michael tomorrow .
 Kevin will buy a sandwich for Dan on his way to work .
 Simon and Charlie are discussing the current situation of the EU . Simon and Charlie are discussing the
 Tilly is leaving school now . She had to go for detention . She will be home
 Gloria and Mell are having a BBQ at Mell ' s place on Saturday . Gloria will do
 Whitney and Hailey will go to I - Max cinemas on the day Aqua man is
 George got a cooking pot for Christmas . Jenny ' s wife wants George to help her in
 Lincoln broke Hudson ' s toilet seat . Hudson will replace the hinge with a new one .
 Kayla and Katherine are going to meet at 11 . Kayla finishes at 11 .
 Lorena needs help with a new desk . Martin can ' t help her today . Lore
 Ralph asked Everett for his phone number .
 Ross has to work for 2 hours tonight . He ' ll be worn out after all hat
 Ed and Valerie are arguing about the definition of a double sin .
 Cristina and Gaya will meet next week to discuss the shoot . They will meet at
 Bon Jovi are coming to Warsaw next July . Tickets start from pln 250 . They
 Dan , Ashley , Ken and Vicky ate from the BBQ . Dan cooked the food .
 Harper will order a meal from the restaurant and Camila will join them for the night .
 Harry will be late . Vanessa and Peter are still on their way . Harry is stuck in
 Callan ' s Samsung S8 battery overheats and then it takes a while for it
 Mike is in London .
 Andrea ' s son is sick . Andrea will take him to the doctor .
 Phil is waiting for Nancy at the shop . She will make an apple pie for Phil .
 Bryan has asked his manager to send the payment to Piper tonight . Piper is waiting for it
 Pogba scored a goal for the first time this season .
 Sybille ' s son is stuck in the US with no ticket . Air France will
 Natalia , Harriet and Lara will book a flight today .
 Hans and Slade will come to the practice together .
 Holt ' s sister is 21 . He ' s going to get her DVDs and some cosmetics
 Georgia will wear it to parties .
 Miley is tired and doesn ' t want to go to work tomorrow .
 Greg is coming for a business trip soon and will stay for two nights longer in BG .
 Amal saw what Beyonce tweeted .
 Alec and Alexa are watching the last America ' s Got Talent . Alexa is impressed with Alexa
 Kelly still hasn ' t received the rent money . John sent it to the wrong account .
 James is going to work .
 Lilian ' s phone battery died . She called Helen ' s place .
 Freddy will send Simon three backing tracks for the school concert . Freddy will play guitar .
 Tommy ' s mum texted him to take a bus . He ' s happy with it .
 Tobias and Trevor will meet at Tobias ' place at 9 .
 Autumn has sewn a dress for Israel . Israel hasn ' t had the time yet .
 Frances and Henny are spending the New Year in a farm house . They had a great
 Paula hates the game with super hard levels . Stew suggests looking up cheats online .
 Calum is looking for a job as a computer investigator . Bethany is not happy with
 Jackie ' s sister got pregnant . Jackie ' s sister is financially stable . Jackie ' s
 Mike , Joseph and Mike are going to the lecture tomorrow morning . They will share the notes
 Anna has a stomachache . She had cereal with milk and a banana for breakfast . She
 Ziggler will bring his passport tomorrow .
 Kate and Jeff are in the little room next to the reception . The cake with a penis
 Larry and Kirsten are discussing the vote on insurance . Kirsten will send Larry an email
 Chloe will take the dog for a walk with her mom at Megan ' s house tonight .
 Natalie ' s wallet is in her room . Tobias will check if it ' s in the
 Phil is on his way from one client to another . He will meet with Rob tomorrow morning
 Nicole is busy at work and can ' t meet Martin in person . Martin is asexual
 Mike has an allergy .
 David is thinking of getting a scull and rose tattoo . Mike suggests adding something else to
 William is making spaghetti . He will buy some tomatoes and some chocolate for Olivia and Beth .
 Karen is stuck on the road from Waitrose to the swimming pool . Peter is almost done
 Nick doesn ' t have an internet connection . He uses his mobile service to watch TV when
 There is a match next week . Baron , Gabriel and Gavin will add people from their group
 Mia , Jennifer and Karine are against Trump ' s election . They think he ' s
 Tickets cost a penny but are extra cheap . Children under 12 are 50 % off .
 Tina is looking for a partner . Demi suggests Patrick . Tina is going to take Dem
 Winnie broke her leg . She will not visit Freddie and his family .
 Mark , Clint and Phil will go to see ' Batman . New Beginning ' this Saturday at
 Andy has done some tests on the mould in Betty ' s house . He will send her
 Warren locked the door .
 Claire and Aaron are going to a Mindfullness workshop . They will meet during breaks .
 Rob is selling his flat . He ' s thinking about having a baby and he has a
 Evan will try to make Ethan come to the function .
 Daisy is in Naples . Charlie and Daisy spent a nice evening together yesterday . Charlie is going
 Adele is listening to the old song Kode recommended her . Kode has a CD
 Ian doesn ' t know Claire . He ' s confused about Claire ' s relationship with Leah
 Violet is going on vacation . She ' s going to a waxing salon . Pais
 Suzy asks Linda to follow her on Instagram .
 Sean , Rick and John are discussing the trade deadline today . John would like to have rights
 Lisa shares with Victoria and Amelia the information about the crazy diet . Amelia ' s mum was
 Carrie , Gina , Alex and Lane are going to see Fantastic Beast this weekend .
 Emily ' s favourite colour is blue . Amelia can ' t tell her anything more .
 Mary moved to Southampton in December .
 Victor is no longer their teacher . Oliver and Sid are happy .
 Pedro and Alex are discussing the power of the flash .
 Marek found a picture of Adam ' s sister in the shopping mall . Marek took
 Daniel and Mark are going to a river bank party tonight . Daniel ' s sister Hannah is
 Bart is disappointed with his grades . Bart started playing StarCraft and is not going to study during
 Margot bought a bottle of nice wine for Nancy ' s birthday . Yvonne didn
 Amelia and Lindsay went to Elliot ' s birthday party .
 Jennifer and Reece will watch the latest Netflix movie together tomorrow evening .
 Sean is a tortoise . Tiffany thinks he ' s a wasp .
 Susie is great . Mary has a baby .
 Patti will pick up the cat after work . She will come home at 5 .
 Kate is at the grocery store and she ' s buying apples and tangerines for George
 Sam is interested in the new earphones Lia is selling . Sam will get the new ear
 Kelly , Meghan and Mary will wear red dresses and bright red lipstick .
 Kate needs Emilly ' s blue handbag for Monica ' s wedding . Emilly will
 Monica has a free usb in her office . Gina will come to Monica ' s office to
 Nathan wants to buy a stationary bike in spring . He ' s planning to keep it in
 Parker and Jason like the DC Universe better than the Marvel Universe . Parker has downloaded the latest
 Michael is travelling a lot . Kai is working too much . Michael is in Boston next weekend
 Carol has a lot of fruit and she doesn ' t know what to do with it .
 Molly is depressed and can ' t think anymore . Luca encourages her to try harder .
 Janette has mice in her kitchen .
 Lawrence is going to finish the article by today .
 Julia and Ronald are having a fight over where to eat . Julia will call Ronald when she
 Guido is having problems with his Facebook account because he doesn ' t know Java . Ag
 Alejandro and Luz are going to meet in 2 weeks . Alejandro will pick Lu
 Sam started the career mode in fifa at 19 .
 Ethan will buy a kebab for Damian . Damian had a rough day .
 Adam ' s flight is rescheduled one hour later . Adam will prepare something for Hannah
 Matthew has a cold . He has an allergy mixed up with a virus . He is taking
 Joyce is running late . Kyle will get Harry by bus .
 Bailey has a lot of fabric in her closet . She has to buy a box at Ike
 Susan and Toby left on Friday afternoon and got back Sun evening . They stayed in a 4
 Olivia is having a party with her grand daughter Linta . Eva will be home in
 Jack is 10 minutes late . Laura will wait inside .
 Melissa is angry at men for behaving like pigs . Hailey had a friend yelled at by
 Zoe sends Frank a video .
 Josie is interested in Foucault ' s Pendulum , a sci - fi novel
 Evan has the flu and has to cancel his lesson with Dennis tomorrow .
 Camille and Amanda are going to a free concert in the city park at 9 p .
 Mickey and Bobby are annoyed by the pharmaceutical industry ' s marketing .
 Dave sends Greg notes from statistics .
 Mark is going out with Sally . Sally is sick . Mark will pick her up if she
 Joy and Sandy will meet at 11 am . Sandy will be late . Lina found dresses
 It ' s raining . Val and Candy will wait half an hour for the stop .
 Ted has found plasters . He kept them until his shower .
 Kyle will call Lily in 10 minutes .
 Taylor ' s parents are away tomorrow at 8 PM at his house . Harry will join Taylor
 Sierra will lend Tomas some money if he needs it .
 Charles and Camilla are going to visit the German markets this weekend . Charles goes for sausage
 Pamela will look at the RGS website to find out if she can apply for the grant
 Colin is congratulating Ava on her victory over a penguin .
 Ursula got a 93 on her French exam . Vaughn got a 65 .
 There was a gas leak at school today . Three engines and ambulance came to the scene .
 Perry , Marlow and Janet are going to Asia in August . Perry , Marlow and
 Lee is scared and confused . He ' s been working for almost 5 months . He '
 Boris will take care of the clothes that are hanging outside .
 Barry , Jake and Kelly will march in the Women ' s Strike . Barry , Jake and
 John and Laurel will meet at Jade ' s collection at 5 pm tomorrow to buy Diana a
 Rachel got a new cat . She named her Portia . Adam is allergic to cats
 There is an after party after Mark ' s wedding . Kristina and Bart are going to
 Russel and Diana will buy a present for their mum .
 Owen and Neil are worried about Amy . Amy looks serious at all times .
 Rachel and Wai will meet at the museum at 4 . They will go to some bar
 Jack is not in town .
 Dorothea is celebrating her birthday today . She ' ll meet Tom and they ' ll
 Jules and Derek have a class tomorrow .
 Jane is sick and won ' t help Ainsley with her thesis .
 Lydia ' s legs are amazing . Felipe thinks it ' s sexist to call her that
 Amka and Mick are going to the club for Halloween . Amka will stay in .
 Jessie and Karine were at kindergarten .
 Cael is not ready to wear the dress yet .
 Fiona is in love with Conrad , 5 years younger than her . Fiona is in love with
 Tim , John , Alice and Jeremy are discussing Kongo .
 Margaret and Evans will meet on 4th and 11th of December . They will meet on
 Joanne wants to talk to Bradley , but he ' s busy at work .
 Iris has an interview with her husband Pete . Pete will be home in 1 hour .
 Iris is trying to remove herself from an expense . Luke and Gerardo will have to add
 Ola will be free by 8 .
 Conny is writing a paper for Fitz . He did some internet research and found nothing .
 Louis and Archie think Melanie looks like Melanie .
 Carly and Cindy are shocked at her .
 Kirsten and Alex will meet at 7 pm for bowling .
 Sam doesn ' t like him . He ' s not talking to Cathy at all .
 Jess had a dream about a lion tamer . She ' s convinced that the circus owner
 Charles has gluten intolerance . He feels weird and bloated . Monica and Jack have a friend who
 Ulysses and Peter got A grades . Julia checks them online .
 Andrew is laughing at Ralph ' s joke about a polish battleship .
 Linda missed the train . It cost 80 euros to return to Amsterdam .
 Martha will buy the Crazy Lenses lenses from Ophelia .
 Linda wants to buy flowers for her mother . She ' s on a flower market . She
 Tim is running late . Gary will come to Tim ' s presentation about twenty past .
 Anna , Marcus and Leslie will pick Mark from Sydney airport on Thursday at 3 . Marcus has
 Lewandowska is hospitalized because she has measles . Joanna will try to get vaccinated
 Louisa will bring Thelma her red velvet dress .
 Joseph will take his car to the opera .
 Carl is waiting for Meg . Meg has lost her key .
 Kim will see Ben tonight to get a rain check .
 Stan Lee is dead .
 Maria is tired of her job . Anastasia and Felix advise her to calm down .
 Ryanair cancels flights affecting 400 , 000 passengers . Luke , Ava and Nathan are
 Rachel ' s aunt was in an accident . She ' s in hospital . She ' s
 Ross is married .
 Luke got his ass kicked surfing today . He had 0 waves , 3 wipeouts and 1
 Benjamin couldn ' t attend Friday night ' s basketball game . Benjamin ' s mom is sick
 Jamilla and Yoyo are going to the audition at 7 . 30 pm .
 Marta clicked something in her gallery .
 There was a meet and greet with James Charles in one of the malls in Birmingham . About
 Rachel has just released the list of the 50 Best Films of 2018 . Janice has watched
